id|content|keywords|main_keywords|ner|timestamp
5e40cec5c0fe4e1400def4e9|"Lufthansa cancels flights to and from China due to the new Coronavirus. Europe's largest airline thus follows its competitor British Airways and other airlines, as the company confirmed on Wednesday in Frankfurt. The ""Image-Zeitung"" had previously reported. British Airways, which otherwise offer flights from London-Heathrow to Beijing and Shanghai on a daily basis, had previously followed the stricter travel warnings issued by the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Lufthansa measure also includes the Swiss and Austrian daughters and is intended to begin with up to 9. February applies. Hong Kong will continue to be flown as planned. In order to recover the crews and passengers still in China, all destinations on the mainland will be flown again. For operational reasons, the booking of Chinese flights had been suspended until the end of February. On Wednesday there had been a Corona suspicion on board an Lufthansa machine. Lufthansa in Frankfurt confirmed that a man who had been classified as a risk by the Chinese authorities had also taken part in the LH780 flight landing in Nanjing from Frankfurt. The Chinese are said to have coughed and to have been in the city of Wuhan two weeks earlier, where the new Coronavirus was first noticed. Whether he's actually infected remained unclear at first. The passengers seated three rows in front and behind the man had been investigated by the Chinese authorities as well as the crew of the Airbus A 340, the Lufthansa spokesman said. After the medical examination, they were released as safe. Flight attendants and pilots were then immediately transferred to the next plane to Frankfurt. The return flight LH781 was scheduled to land in Frankfurt on Wednesday evening. The German authorities had been informed of the procedure, the airline explained. (dpa)"|Lufthansa, Frankfurt, Chinese, flights, British, Wednesday, authorities, China, Coronavirus, airline, Airways, confirmed, previously, February, flown, passengers, man, flight, cancels, due|Frankfurt,Chinese,flights,authorities,cancels|lufthansa,wuhan,airways,affairs,airbus,frankfurt,beijing,coronavirus,image,s,nanjing,zeitung,kong,austrian,british,340,of,london,ministry,hong,lh780,corona,a,swiss,german,chinese,foreign,china,heathrow,shanghai,europe|1580252400
5e3fbc028b626a2f83fcac66|Two men with obi's symptoms were taken from the hospital emergency room. They rest on the Chinese island and the temperature returns. Later, it was learned that another mojiliov resident who came back from China went to see a doctor. According to the information service of the Ministry of health, three bodies of mogilovchang were not confirmed in coronoviros. The day before, on 28 January, a truck at a hospital near Minsk also failed to confirm concerns.|hospital, men, obi, symptoms, emergency, room, rest, Chinese, island, temperature, returns, learned, mojiliov, resident, back, China, doctor, information, service, Ministry|obi,resident,learned,back,symptoms|chinese,china,minsk,of,ministry|1580384220
5e3e651ea6201cadba7c8038|Anyone with a travel history in China since January 15, 2020 could be quarantined, the ministry said on February 2, adding that the rule would apply to current and future travel to China. India has reported three coronavirus cases as of February 3. The national helpline for information and assistance related to the virus threat is 011-23978046. If you develop fever, cough or breathing difficulties with 28 days of returning from China, you must:|China, travel, February, history, January, 15, 2020, quarantined, ministry, adding, rule, apply, current, future, India, reported, coronavirus, cases, national, helpline|15,rule,cases,reported,January|india,china|1580692620
5e3e9aa276c6e08a821bd0d1|"According to our French report, a new coronavirus appeared in Wuhan, China, which belonged to the same virus family, which was at least 700 deaths in 2003 (Sass), and has spread to Japan and Thailand outside Japan. What is the current understanding of coronavirus in the medical community? In this regard, Agnes, a French journalist from the RFI science and Technology Department of France radio, invited a famous microbiologist from the University of Paris to make a brief introduction: ""it is indeed a new virus, a coronavirus. This family of viruses is common in humans and usually causes mild respiratory infections. This time, the new virus should have existed for hundreds of thousands of years, just like all viruses exist in the wild. It may have existed for a long time, but it was the first time to infect human beings through an unusual contact. "" Our French French correspondent then asked whether the source of the disease has been traced to animals, or even more likely to be fish, because a (South China) seafood wholesale market in Wuhan is the source of human infection. In this regard, the famous French microbiologist talked about his personal view: ""I personally think that it is unlikely to be fish. The virus is more common in mammals and birds. But it's probably a fish eating animal, it could be a cat or a rodent or something. But there is no information on the origin of the virus. "" The above is an interview by microbiologist of University of Paris, France, with a French journalist from Taiwan, France and Guangzhou on coronavirus."|French, virus, coronavirus, France, microbiologist, time, fish, Wuhan, China, family, Japan, regard, journalist, famous, University, Paris, viruses, common, existed, human|fish,virus,existed,Japan,human|france,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,rfi,agnes,french,and,china,japan,department,university,science,of,paris,guangzhou,technology|1579434180
5e3fa1cdc7d7d06da7396ea4|"Moscow, February 4 - Russian news agency. According to China's tourism administration, no cases of Sarawak have been found in tourist resorts in 55 provinces in the kingdom of Phuket, pataya, Chiang Mai, Samui and Krabi. It is also pointed out that a wide range of prevention campaigns have been carried out nationwide to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Infrared hot rooms have been installed at international passenger entry points, including 28 airports, and health and epidemic prevention measures have been strengthened. Upon arrival in Thailand, DDC will provide all visitors with a health map indicating arrival, residence and possible occurrence Symptoms of the disease. These measures will help doctors to make correct diagnosis and treatment quickly. Large scale tourist attractions, transportation, shopping center, ""Hotels and other public places take higher precautions to protect employees and visitors, including additional cleaning and disinfection"" About The administration pointed out that all stores, department stores, places of interest, restaurants, museums and tourist sites work according to a standard schedule. The planned activities, sports competitions, meetings and exhibitions are normal and will not be cancelled. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. The number of coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 2040, with 425 deaths."|China, tourist, administration, found, pointed, prevention, coronavirus, international, including, health, measures, arrival, visitors, places, stores, 2019, Moscow, February, Russian, agency|health,arrival,found,places,international|sarawak,world,thailand,ddc,chiang,wuhan,colorado,chinese,organization,china,russian,phuket,health,krabi,mai,samui,moscow,s|1580821140
5e3e6792ff976e92724b70ce|SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) said it will take down misinformation about China’s fast-spreading coronavirus, in a rare departure from its usual approach to dubious health content that is presenting a fresh challenge for social media companies. The coronavirus outbreak has stoked a wave of anti-China sentiment around the globe. Hoaxes have spread widely online, promoted by conspiracy theorists and exacerbated by a dearth of information from the cordoned-off zone around China’s central city of Wuhan, where the outbreak began. Nearly 12,000 people have been infected in China, according to local health authorities, and more than 130 cases reported in at least 25 other countries and regions. Facebook said in a blog post that it would remove content about the virus “with false claims or conspiracy theories that have been flagged by leading global health organizations and local health authorities,” saying such content would violate its ban on misinformation leading to “physical harm.” The move is unusually aggressive for the world’s biggest social network, which generally limits the distribution of content containing health misinformation to its 2.9 billion monthly users through restrictions on search results and advertising, but allows the original posts to stay up. It also puts it at odds with other major U.S.-based social networks. Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) YouTube, which has 2 billion monthly users and Twitter (TWTR.N) and Reddit, which have hundreds of millions of users, confirmed they do not consider inaccurate information about health to be a violation of their policies. Those companies, like Facebook in other cases, rely on techniques such as elevating medical information from authoritative public health sources and warning users about content that has been debunked. TikTok, owned by China’s Bytedance, and Pinterest Inc (PINS .N) do ban health misinformation and are actively removing false coronavirus content, they told Reuters. Fact-checking initiative PolitiFact said misinformation about the virus online included hoaxes about its source, its spread, and how to treat it, as well as false conspiracies about its connection to biological warfare and the Chinese government. Rumors about the coronavirus have also spread widely on Chinese social networks, which are usually quick to remove sensitive content but have in recent days allowed an unusual level of public criticism over the government’s handling of the crisis. Information in China is tightly controlled, and Chinese laws dictate that rumor-mongers can face years in prison. In the early days of the outbreak, Chinese state media reported that police in Wuhan had detained eight people for spreading rumors about a “local outbreak of unidentifiable pneumonia.” Suspicion also lingers over accusations that Beijing initially covered up the 2003 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) outbreak. A spokeswoman for Tencent Holdings Inc’s (0700.HK) Chinese messaging app WeChat, which has 1.15 billion monthly users, told Reuters the company was removing posts containing coronavirus-related misinformation. The U.S. tech industry’s mostly hands-off approach has angered critics who say social media companies have failed to curb the spread of medical inaccuracies that pose major global health threats. In particular, misinformation about vaccination has proliferated on social media in many countries in recent years, including during major vaccination campaigns to prevent polio in Pakistan and to immunize against yellow fever in South America. Facebook, under fierce scrutiny worldwide in recent years over its privacy and content practices, has previously removed vaccine misinformation in Samoa, where a measles outbreak killed dozens late last year . The spread of illness there was so severe that the company classified anti-vaccination content a risk of physical harm, a spokeswoman told Reuters, calling the move an “extreme action.” The coronavirus and Samoa decisions indicate Facebook is expanding its definition of “physical harm” to include misinformation contributing to the rapid spread of illness. The company did not say whether it had acted in a similar way in other cases. It removed misinformation about polio vaccines in Pakistan, but the imminent harm in that case involved risks of violence against the health workers carrying out the immunization campaigns, the spokeswoman said.|misinformation, health, content, China, coronavirus, social, outbreak, spread, Facebook, users, Chinese, Reuters, media, harm, companies, information, local, cases, false, physical|health,Chinese,false,information,content|wuhan,america,hoaxes,severe,anti,tiktok,twitter,sars,alphabet,beijing,pinterest,samoa,reddit,pakistan,francisco,politifact,reuters,o,u,s,n,respiratory,wechat,tencent,bytedance,acute,san,holdings,twtr,inc,south,googl,based,chinese,china,syndrome,youtube,facebook|1580565540
5e3fa81b7789d687c1b75806|"Moscow, February 2. /tass/ Russian Railways ""suspended passenger services with China from February 3 due to the outbreak of the coronavirus,"" according to a company news release on Sunday. ""According to the letter of the health doctor of the general state of railway transport of the Russian Federation,"" In order to prevent new coronavirus infection from entering the territory of the Russian Federation, From 00:00 on February 3, 2020, the passenger railway between <... > and China will be temporarily suspended, ""the message said. From February 3, the 3 / 4 train from Beijing to Moscow forming China Railway will be cancelled, the 320 / 20-19 / 319 train from Chita to post Baikalsk to Beijing, and the Moscow to Beijing direct train will be cancelled, Members of trains 2 / 1320 / 319 and 20 / 19. "" The Moscow Beijing direct train from Moscow on February 1 will travel in the traffic between Moscow and post Baikalsk. "" Before that, the Suifenhe grodkov international passenger train of China Railway formation stopped running. As well as ""news of Chita Manzhouli"" federal passenger company ""vehicle group"". Meanwhile, international railway transportation with China is still on the Moscow Beijing route About ""Unused travel documents, cancelled trains and trolleybuses handled at Russian outlets, passengers can return without deduction of fees and charges"" -According to the report of the Russian railway company. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 14000. More than 300 people died. Outside China, another death occurred in the Philippines."|China, Moscow, February, Russian, train, Beijing, passenger, railway, outbreak, coronavirus, company, cancelled, international, suspended, Federation, 00, Railway, 20, 19, 319|train,Russian,railway,cancelled,international|russia,railways,federation,beijing,chita,manzhouli,wuhan,chinese,world,organization,philippines,china,russian,health,baikalsk,railway,suifenhe,moscow|1580687208
5e3e9aac912ccc587085386a|"The National Institute for Communicable Diseases (NICD) has conducted 42 tests for the coronavirus in South Africa, the results of which have all come back negative. By Friday, the coronavirus death toll rose to 636 and more than 31 000 infections have been recorded across China, where the virus started, Aljazeera reported. The virus has since spread to other countries, with at least 25 countries reporting confirmed cases. READ | Is the coronavirus a pandemic, and does that matter? Four questions answered However, the NICD confirmed on Friday evening there was no confirmed cases in South Africa. While 42 tests have been conducted in South Africa, NICD spokesperson Sinenhlanhla Jimoh said the collection and testing of samples from individuals with symptoms was normal and demonstrated effective surveillance of the coronavirus. ""We would like to acknowledge healthcare professionals across the country from the public and private healthcare sectors who have been instrumental in detecting, identifying and responding to possible cases,"" Jimoh said. On Thursday, News24 reported two patients in KwaZulu-Natal suspected of being infected with the coronavirus were cleared, with one case being handled at a departmental facility while the other was at a private facility in Durban. On Wednesday, a patient in Limpopo was cleared after being held in isolation at Ellisras Hospital in Lephalale. https://t.co/By0KBr5HQV | The endangered pangolin possibly linked to deadly coronavirus spread in China https://t.co/njQB7RIlOB  According to the provincial health department, this had been a precautionary measure after the man developed a high fever and other symptoms consistent with a respiratory disease. The NICD also cautioned the public against rumours and misinformation concerning the coronavirus . Jimoh said the public could access information from the national Department of Health, World Health Organisation and NICD communication platforms. READ MORE | KZN health MEC lashes out at 'false and irresponsible' reporting on coronavirus The NICD also gave advice to prevent the spread of the coronavirus by practising hand hygiene, cough etiquette and avoiding contact with animals when in a high-risk country. The recommendations include:  ""The NICD assures the public that systems have been put in place to rapidly identify and detect any imported cases of the 2019-nCoV [coronavirus] in South Africa and that the country is prepared should we have a positive case,"" Jimoh said."|coronavirus, NICD, South, Africa, cases, Jimoh, public, spread, confirmed, country, conducted, 42, tests, Friday, China, virus, reported, countries, reporting, READ|country,virus,Jimoh,READ,tests|africa,communicable,department,health,durban,ellisras,sinenhlanhla,world,mec,limpopo,for,institute,lephalale,hospital,kwazulu,jimoh,of,nicd,natal,south,diseases,china,organisation,national,news24|1581105900
5e3e680dff976e92724b70ff|TOKYO (Reuters) - Two Japanese nationals evacuated on the first chartered flight from Wuhan, epicenter of the coronavirus epidemic, have pneumonia symptoms but a coronavirus diagnosis has not been confirmed, hospital representatives said on Wednesday. Among 206 Japanese nationals evacuated to Tokyo, five have been hospitalized, with two of those showing signs of having pneumonia following scans. A further seven would be hospitalized as they showed symptoms such as fever and coughing, the healthy ministry said on its website. Almost all others were checked for symptoms and cleared to return home, and are being asked to avoid going out for at least two weeks while receiving regular medical checkups, the ministry said. Two passengers refused to be taken to the hospital for checks but were escorted home, it said. “I was extremely worried that I was stuck there while the situation was changing very rapidly,” Takeo Aoyama, a Nippon Steel employee, told reporters at the airport after being evacuated from Wuhan, which is in virtual lockdown. “I feel really relieved now that I have been brought back in a speedy manner like this on a chartered flight,” said Aoyama, who was wearing a mask. Some 450 Japanese nationals are waiting to be evacuated and the government will dispatch a second flight to Wuhan on Wednesday evening. Japan on Tuesday reported the first case of a possible transmission inside the country - a Japanese tour bus driver who was infected after coming into contact with Chinese visitors. Public broadcaster NHK said late on Wednesday that the tour bus’s guide, a woman residing in Osaka, also tested positive, bringing the country’s total number of patients to eight. The death toll from the coronavirus, believed to have originated in a Wuhan market which illegally sold wildlife, rose sharply to 132 on Wednesday, with nearly 1,500 new cases . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said a special task force to deal with the epidemic would be set up on Thursday.|Japanese, evacuated, Wuhan, Wednesday, nationals, flight, coronavirus, symptoms, chartered, epidemic, pneumonia, hospital, hospitalized, ministry, home, Aoyama, country, tour, bus, TOKYO|hospitalized,country,pneumonia,evacuated,Japanese|takeo,wuhan,nippon,chinese,japan,osaka,abe,japanese,shinzo,nhk,tokyo,aoyama,steel|1580316360
5e414c1c7e27cd38d1b1ef40|"""From the example of all the containment measures that have been taken, I am convinced that if the outbreak increases much, as Wuhan has closed, the authorities will close China."" Who says it to the Express o n the telephone from the city which is the epicenter of the Coronavirus (2019-n-CoV), Wuhan, in Hubei province, is Rui Severino, a citizen of Portuguese and Australian origin who has lived for four years in China. Since he returned from Australia to January 15th, after spending Christmas with his children, he says he has made his daily life almost normal. Bad Severino trains racehorses and the track is characteristic of running the whole country throughout the year. It is based in Wuhan between the months of November and May. When he returned in January to his home about twenty kilometres away from the centre of Wuhan, a city with 11 million inhabitants, there were already some cases of pneumonia identified, ""but not this alarm"" from the last few days. This Sunday, when the third case of Coronavirus was confirmed on US territory in Southern California, in a person who travelled from Wuhan to the United States, Rui Severino tells the Express that he decided to stay in China despite the crisis. It is part of an ongoing communication group of 11 Portuguese people living in the city who have been in permanent contact with the Portuguese embassy. They share the anguish and anxieties caused by the situation, but in their opinion, the response of the Chinese authorities and the surveillance of the population assisted at the slightest sign is so ""effective"" that they have decided not to leave China. ""We have the horse training center nearby and I come out and go back every day from the condo of six buildings where I live. I feel safe Yeah. I am controlled twice a day as to the origin and destination of my movements, they measure my temperature on both occasions and ask me if I have gone to the city centre,""it says. It clarifies that these controls are not done by military forces or security forces, ""as seen in many images running on social networks,"" but by ""health professionals"". As for the images and videos circulating on social networks where people are seen falling to the ground and being picked up on stretchers by the sanitary authorities, Severino clarifies: ""The images are true, but the context has to be seen. It is not a disease that brings people down like that all of a sudden."" Is that strategy? ""A person who feels ill and is obliged to wait six hours in the hospital to be attended, if he has the option of letting himself fall to be immediately recalled,"" he adds. ""I feel safer here than in Australia, for example, where there are few movement restrictions and they do not properly examine who comes from China,"" says Rui Severino, adding that in Macao it is neither obligatory to wear street masks despite the information circulating, and in Hong Kong, security measures ""are not rigorously enforced"". ""In terms of response I have never seen such a thing,"" said the Luso-Australian, acknowledging the'far greater importance of China in the international context'by comparison to the behaviour of the Chinese authorities during the SARS outbreak, which killed more than 800 people between 2003-4. ""At the time, the official figures were lied to, but China has changed a lot and now wants to gain international credibility."" It does not know ""if official numbers are correct,"" but sees ""here today in the information shared by state television, Chinese social networks and shared information among people"" to which it has access, ""I am convinced that the numbers are true"". The restriction of the citizens'movement is firm Yeah. Without public transport, people cannot move within great distances from the large city and the surrounding urban islands. From the periphery there is no access to the city and food supplies are limited: ""There is stress, yes. However, people are still all right, many shops have not yet opened after New Year's holidays. The Government said it would provide the region that is closed"". Shortly before speaking on the express, the coach had gone shopping. ""There were no fresh ones, but they had frozen in quantity and I bought everything I needed and then went home."" We must wait ""to see how it will be after the holidays are over"", it ends."|China, people, city, Wuhan, Severino, authorities, Rui, Portuguese, Chinese, images, social, networks, information, measures, convinced, outbreak, closed, Express, Coronavirus, Australian|convinced,authorities,information,Severino,images|wuhan,portuguese,cov,bad,australian,sars,southern,australia,united,us,coronavirus,hubei,year,rui,s,kong,n,severino,california,macao,new,express,2019,hong,chinese,luso,china,states|1580062972
5e40ce9fc0fe4e1400def47a|"The Coronavirus influences the Frankfurt Consumer Goods Fair ""Ambiente"". In order to open the show on Friday, several stands were closed in the halls mainly by Chinese suppliers. According to the trade fair company 37 notified companies from mainland China did not participate in the environment. This is approximately five percent of all Chinese and almost one percent of all exhibitors. Few of the visitors in the halls wore oral masks, as eyewitnesses reported. For example, the trade fair company Qingdao Simpasc explained to its customers on a stamped note at the closed booth that the visit had been waived in order to comply with the prevention instructions against further spread of the virus. One was convinced that under the leadership of the Chinese government, the epidemic could be quickly overcome. The ""ambience"" is the world's leading trade fair in consumer goods for living, eating, drinking, cooking and giving. The entire exhibition grounds are booked. On the Tuesday (11. February) the current show was registered with 4635 exhibitors 175 companies more than a year before, as the exhibition company had reported. The number of registered Chinese exhibitors has risen again by around ten percent to 664 from the previous year. In addition 183 from Hong Kong and 128 from Taiwan. Four companies are registered from the crisis province of Hubei with its particularly heavily affected capital Wuhan. The trade fair company also expects cancellations from trade visitors. Last year, around 136.000 buyers had come to Frankfurt to conclude contracts. More than 5000 visitors came from mainland China. Also from the People's Republic come cheap replicas of a kitchen cutting machine with the brand name ""Nicer Dicer Quick"", originally from Genius GmbH in Hesse Limburg Yeah. The jury reported that the mock prize Plagiarius, which was also awarded this year, had been infringed. Because of the blunt and poorly anchored blades there was an increased risk of injury at the plagiarism, it was said to justify the first prize. The aim of the action is to raise public awareness of unscrupulous business practices of product and brand pirates. Every year, particularly harsh examples of imitation products are denounced. The symbol is a black dwarf with a golden nose. (dpa)"|trade, year, Chinese, fair, company, companies, percent, exhibitors, visitors, reported, registered, Frankfurt, order, show, closed, halls, mainland, China, exhibition, brand|Frankfurt,order,reported,registered,closed|dicer,people,taiwan,wuhan,goods,frankfurt,consumer,simpasc,hesse,republic,coronavirus,hubei,limburg,nicer,genius,yeah,s,kong,plagiarius,hong,qingdao,quick,chinese,china,gmbh,fair|1581030000
5e46a837135e9a4f6db2d6bf|ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will in coming days export to Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan locally-produced coronavirus detection kits that can get results in about two hours, its health minister said on Friday. China’s coronavirus outbreak has showed no sign of peaking with health authorities reporting more than 5,000 new cases earlier on Friday. Earlier this month, Turkey evacuated 42 people from China’s Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, and kept them quarantined for 14 days while authorities ran tests. Speaking in Ankara after the quarantine period expired with no detected infections, Health Minister Fahrettin Koca said Turkey’s coronavirus detection kit has a 99.6% accuracy rate. The kit was produced in line with data from the World Health Organisation and can get results in 90-120 minutes, a bit less than in Germany or France, he said. Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan requested some 10,000 kits each and Turkey will begin exporting them in coming days, Koca said. “We will be exporting this in line with the demand we receive.” Ankara has said there are no known cases of the virus in the country and authorities are using thermal cameras at airports as well as other protective measures. Turkish Airlines (THYAO.IS) suspended flights to China after the World Health Organisation (WHO) said it was declaring the outbreak a global emergency.|Turkey, days, coronavirus, China, outbreak, authorities, Health, coming, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, produced, detection, kits, results, health, Friday, 000, cases, Ankara, Koca|Turkey,health,Koca,days,authorities|france,world,germany,fahrettin,wuhan,turkish,airlines,uzbekistan,china,organisation,koca,kyrgyzstan,health,is,ankara,thyao,who,turkey,s|1581673140
5e4155e9cae8370994363d9e|The European Centre for Disease Control has issued travel advice to and from China to distribute to the various countries, with basic recommendations only in case of symptoms of infection with the new coronavirus. In the posters published and which can be edited and adapted by each country, the European Centre (ECDC) in the English acronym recommends to those who have returned from China and, within the following four days, show symptoms such a s cough, sore throat or breathing difficulties to stay at home and contact the health authorities of each country by telephone. For those travelling to China, the ECDC recommends avoiding contact with sick people, especially cough or signs of respiratory infection, as well as not visiting markets or places selling live or dead animals. In fact, contact with animals or their waste in China should be avoided. Frequent washing of hands with soap and water or an alcohol-based solution is another recommendation for anyone wishing to travel to China. This hand hygiene must be performed before meals, after using bathrooms and after any contact with animals. The ECDC also leaves recommendations to practitioners to deal with suspected cases of infection with the new coronavirus. Suspicion of a case should occur in the presence of symptoms of respiratory infection and when people have been in China or in contact with someone infected with the new coronavirus. In such suspicious cases, samples must be taken to diagnose the infection, as well as provide protective masks immediately and place them in isolation in specific rooms, as already stipulated in the guidelines in Portugal of Directorate-General for Health. China raised to 213 dead and almost 10 thousand infected the balance of the pneumonia outbreak caused by a new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) detected at the end of the year in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province (centre) Yeah. The previous balance sheet showed 170 dead in China and 7.736 infected people. In addition to mainland China and Chinese regions of Macao and Hong Kong, there are more than fifty confirmed cases of infection in 20 other countries (Thailand, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Vietnam, Nepal, Malaysia, United States, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, United Kingdom, Australia, Finland, United Arab Emirates, Cambodia, Philippines and India. The World Health Organisation (WHO) declared on Thursday an international public health emergency (PHEIC) because of the outbreak of the new coronavirus in China. An international public health emergency requires the adoption of worldwide prevention and coordination measures. This is the sixth time the WHO has declared an international public health emergency.|China, infection, coronavirus, contact, health, symptoms, ECDC, people, dead, animals, cases, infected, United, international, public, emergency, European, Centre, travel, countries|health,infected,international,travel,cases|taiwan,philippines,disease,wuhan,nepal,malaysia,portugal,health,vietnam,australia,kingdom,france,world,singapore,united,germany,india,hubei,italy,japan,who,finland,for,kong,macao,ecdc,english,arab,emirates,cambodia,centre,european,south,korea,hong,chinese,canada,china,states,organisation,control,province|1580476560
5e3fa6747789d687c1b75757|"Moscow, 5 February. /tass/ Wholesale prices for medical masks have multiplied, according to Sergey shuyak, general manager of DSM group analytics. In this case, all participants - producers, distributors and pharmacies - raise prices. The price has risen several times, and every participant in the chain will hear the price rise. The reason is that the demand for medical masks has not been met and the raw materials for making them in Russia are scarce, which is mainly imported. If the high demand rate continues, there is likely to be a shortage of masks. "" What he said was confirmed by an entrepreneur exporting medical masks. "" If the wholesale price of masks before the corona event averaged 1.5 rubles, it would have been 12 rubles on February 4, 2020 yesterday. "" Alexei lepik, President and chairman of the board of directors of Russian business, agreed that the price was too high Demand is more than twice as much as supply, which leads to higher prices in unregulated markets. "" Earlier, Russian President Vladimir Putin said at a meeting with members of the government that it was necessary to obtain a license from a drugstore, The price of personal protective equipment and antiviral drugs has been overestimated in the wave of fighting Colorado virus About Russian federation Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 - ncov pneumonia in Wuhan at the end of December 2019. In addition to China, the disease has also been found in 24 countries, including Russia. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 20000. More than 420 people died. Deaths have also occurred outside mainland China. About the Russian mask The FHS has set up a hotline to receive complaints about the lack of medical masks and drugs in pharmacies due to new coronavirus infections. Andrei cherikovsky, deputy director of the Russian Federation's antitrust bureau, announced that the Russian Federation's antitrust bureau) would wait for price information from its territorial department before February 5. Masks and drugs in national pharmacies."|masks, price, Russian, medical, February, prices, pharmacies, drugs, China, demand, Russia, high, rubles, President, outbreak, 2019, coronavirus, infections, Federation, antitrust|Russian,Federation,medical,antitrust,demand|andrei,putin,wuhan,russian,health,dsm,sergey,world,alexei,vladimir,lepik,fhs,s,russia,colorado,cherikovsky,moscow,federation,chinese,organization,china,shuyak|1580942320
5e40f6f48b3ade896662c6e0|BEIJING (Reuters) - Workers began trickling back to offices and factories around China on Monday as the government eased some restrictions on working during a coronavirus epidemic that has killed more than 900 people, most on the mainland. Sunday’s death toll of 97 was the largest in a single day since the outbreak was first detected in December and linked to a market selling animals in Hubei province’s capital, Wuhan. Stocks and oil fell while safe-haven gold rose as the death toll from the outbreak surpassed that of another coronavirus, which brought a global epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) in 2002/2003, raising alarm bells about its severity. A team of experts headed by the World Health Organization (WHO) was flying into Beijing on Monday to help assess the outbreak. The epidemic has caused huge disruptions in China with usually teeming cities becoming virtual ghost towns during the past two weeks as Communist Party rulers ordered virtual lockdowns, canceled flights and closed factories and schools. Authorities told businesses to add up to 10 extra days onto Lunar New Year holidays that had been due to finish at the end of January. Even on Monday, a large number of workplaces will remain closed and many white-collar workers were working from home. On one of the usually busiest subway lines in Beijing, trains were largely empty. The few commuters seen during peak-hour morning traffic were all wearing masks. Jin Yang, who works for a department under China’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange, rode a bicycle to work instead of public transport. Staff were told to wear masks, avoid face-to-face meetings and the canteen was closed, he said. Another employee surnamed Chen said the insurance company he worked for forbid people from taking public transport. “My home is in Huairou district which is far from downtown,” he said . “I usually take subways but this morning it cost me 200 yuan one way by cab.” Hubei, the province hit hardest by the outbreak, remains in virtual lockdown, with its train stations and airports shut and its roads sealed off. Some restrictions on people entering and leaving residential compounds are in place in many other cities across China, and schools in many regions will be shut until the end of February. Across mainland China, there were 3,062 new confirmed infections on Sunday, bringing the total number to 40,171, according to the National Health Commission (NHC), with 908 dead. “Markets will be sensitive to coronavirus news as factories and ports in China reopen. The extent to which that is achievable will indicate the level of ongoing disruption,” ANZ economists wrote in a note. The extended closure of factories in the world’s second-largest economy has raised concerns for global supply chains. China’s central bank has taken a raft of steps to support the economy, including reducing interest rates and flushing the market with liquidity. From Monday, it will provide special funds for banks to re-lend to businesses combating the virus. Taiwan’s Foxconn has received Chinese government approval to resume production at a key plant in the north China city of Zhengzhou, a source with direct knowledge of the situation told Reuters on Monday. Tesla, Daimler and Ford Motor are among carmakers that have said that they will restart production at their factories on Monday. Gaming giant Tencent Holdings said it had asked staff to continue working from home until Feb. 21. Samsung Electronics resumed production at its home appliance factory in China on Monday, while it continues to run its chip factory in China, a spokeswoman said. Kia Motors is suspending production at its three car plants in South Korea on Monday for at least a day due to a shortage of auto parts from China related to the coronavirus outbreak, a company official said . The WHO declared the outbreak a global emergency on Jan. 30, days after the Chinese central government imposed a lockdown on 60 million people in Hubei province. The WHO took nearly two weeks to get the government’s green light on the composition of its advance team of experts, which left Geneva on Sunday. Over the weekend, an American hospitalized in the central city of Wuhan became the first confirmed non-Chinese victim of the disease. A Japanese man who also died there was another suspected victim. The virus has also spread to at least 27 countries and territories, according to a Reuters count based on official reports, infecting more than 330 people. Two deaths have been reported outside mainland China - both of them Chinese nationals. (GRAPHIC: Comparing new coronavirus to SARS and MERS - here)|China, Monday, outbreak, factories, coronavirus, people, government, home, Chinese, production, Reuters, working, epidemic, mainland, Sunday, Hubei, province, global, virtual, closed|province,virtual,government,production,Hubei|commission,taiwan,state,wuhan,electronics,foxconn,huairou,health,motors,ford,beijing,world,motor,party,hubei,chen,geneva,administration,samsung,communist,reuters,year,daimler,japanese,who,s,yang,lunar,tencent,jin,american,of,monday,tesla,anz,holdings,exchange,new,south,korea,non,organization,foreign,chinese,china,zhengzhou,national,kia|1581355200
5e40cec2c0fe4e1400def4e3|"Airlines are no longer flying to China, VW and BMW bands in the country are currently standing still, Apple is temporarily closing its operations there: concern about the economic consequences of the new lung disease is growing. ""With the further spread of the Coronavirus within China and beyond in Asia, economic costs will also increase,"" says DIW President Marcel Fratzscher. Economists do not believe that the economic consequences are quantifiable at the moment. But they are likely to be more severe than Sars's infectious disease, which also broke out in China, 17 years ago. The economic importance of the country has grown immensely since then. The world's second largest economy is now an important export market for ""Made in Germany"". At the same time, German industrial companies produce there, manufacturers buy parts from the country for their production. ""What is happening in China today is more important to the world than it used to be,"" summarises economist Holger Schmieding, head of the Berenberg Bank. According to IMO economic expert Timo Wollmershausen, ""the economic consequences are likely to be greater than in the Sars epidemic"". At that time, China cost about one percent of GDP growth. In the German figures, this has hardly been reflected. ""Since then, the economic importance of the country has grown, the infection rates are higher and the Chinese government is reacting harder."" Beijing is fighting the spread of the virus with drastic measures. In the crisis region of Central China, 45 million people in several cities have been cut off from the outside world by cutting off transport links. Other cities in the People's Republic have also suspended overland bus connections and reduced the number of flights and trains Yeah. The virus hits the Chinese economy, as well as the global economy as a whole, in a period of weakness. ""The longer the state of emergency, i.e. the travel ban in China, and the further the virus spreads, the more serious the economic impact on the world economy will be,"" analysts at the Commercial Bank analyse. So no good prospects for the export-oriented German economy. The Foreign Trade Association of BGA has similar views. ""Should the situation deteriorate further, this will have negative consequences not only for the Chinese economy but also for world trade,"" says BGA President Holger Bingmann. ""The interruption of flights, the closure of establishments or the absence of tourists are already having an effect."" The concern also applies to supply relations between companies. ""If the production stoppages in the Chinese industry were to last longer, the international supply chains would also be threatened,"" explains Klaus-Jurgen Gern of the Institute for World Economy in Kiel. ""China's importance as a supplier to the rest of the world is significant."" A longer standstill could mainly disrupt supply chains in chemistry, automotive, textiles and electronics, economists warn the alliance. Manufacturers in Germany, too, would no longer get the parts they needed, they would have to find alternatives or shut down their production. At the same time, China is an important export market for German products. In the meantime, according to the Commerzbank, a good 7-percent of German exports to the country are concentrated on cars and car parts and machines. According to Fratzscher, only German car manufacturers make one third of their profits in China. Conversely, Germany imports in particular data-processing equipment and electrical equipment. So far the consequences seem to be limited Yeah. Because of the holidays around the Chinese New Year's Eve, this year on the 25th. In January, production was already limited. ""The current outbreak of the Coronavirus currently has only a limited regional impact on the business operation of DB Schenker,"" says a spokesperson for Deutsche Bahn, for example. However, freight forwarders complain that the measures taken by the Chinese authorities have prolonged customs clearance. In addition, cargo capacity in passenger aircraft was eliminated because many airlines no longer fly to China. Currently, freight forwarders could partially offset this by re-booking, but at higher freight costs for the freight forwarder, explains the Federal Association of Shipping and Logistics. From the perspective of DIW President Fratzscher, the biggest economic concern is ""the panic that we see in individual cases also in Europe"". Fear of the unknown leads consumers and businesses, especially in China, but also globally, to overreact. However, the Coronavirus also comes at a potentially unfavourable time, ""as the risks in the world economy are already unusually high due to trade conflicts, Brexit, weak banks and geopolitical conflicts anyway"". (dpa)"|China, economic, world, economy, longer, German, Chinese, country, consequences, time, production, freight, concern, Coronavirus, President, Fratzscher, importance, important, export, Germany|country,importance,economic,freight,production|people,wollmershausen,klaus,commerzbank,bingmann,eve,shipping,sars,vw,beijing,deutsche,bmw,republic,trade,germany,bank,world,europe,coronavirus,brexit,economy,and,bahn,federal,jurgen,apple,year,fratzscher,in,s,marcel,for,institute,schenker,berenberg,db,gern,association,of,bga,new,logistics,holger,central,german,chinese,foreign,kiel,diw,china,asia,imo,timo,commercial,schmieding|1580770800
5e4154fdcae8370994363c7f|"Journalist Chen Qiushi, who is responsible for exposing the gravity of the new coronavirus in China through reports, has been missing since Thursday. According to CNN, the Chinese family, who also works as a human rights lawyer, has not heard from him since the end of Thursday afternoon and is concerned about the disappearance, mainly after hearing about the death of the doctor who alerted the Chinese authorities about the proportion of the virus. Chen arrived in Wuhan in January 24, one day after the city was subjected to a state-imposed blockade, designed to prevent citizens from leaving to contain the spread of the virus. The journalist visited improvised hospitals and wards of isolation and posted videos of reality lived in China online. According to the same publication, Chen's friends claimed they were in contact with him several times a day, fearing he might have been taken by the authorities. At the first hours of Friday, one of Chen's friends shared a video message from the reporter's mother on her Twitter account who reported her son missing. ??????????????????????????????? ??????????????? ;WuhanCoronavirus 35;Wuhan 35;WuhanChina pic.twitter.com/FtrGjr495H -Yes? (?) (@chenqiushi404) February 6, 2020 His closest friends say Chen left the login details on the platform in case he was taken by the authorities. ""We're concerned about your physical safety. He may even have been infected by the virus. We don't know anything,""said a friend at CNN. Chen is already known to the public. In August the journalist traveled to Hong Kong to report on pro-democracy protests. Its YouTube channel already has more than 430 thousand subscribers and on Twitter more than 246 thousand followers. Both platforms are blocked in China, but many citizens use virtual private networks to access the channels. Yeah. On the eve of the Lunar New Year, Chen took a train from Beijing to Wuhan and has since shown the reality lived in that Chinese province. ""As long as I'm here, I promise I won't start or spread rumors. I will not create fear or panic, nor conceal the truth"", underlined the Chinese journalist. Chen, who wore only a mask and a pair of glasses to protect himself, admitted that he was living in fear. ""I'm afraid: I have the virus around me and the application of Chinese law and the authorities behind me,"" said Chen in a video recorded in the hotel room."|Chen, Chinese, authorities, virus, China, Wuhan, journalist, friends, missing, Thursday, concerned, day, citizens, spread, reality, lived, video, Twitter, 35, thousand|citizens,virus,day,authorities,Chen|kong,wuhan,lunar,chen,chinese,china,qiushi,year,cnn,new,youtube,beijing,s,hong|1581251100
5e3e6527a6201cadba7c8063|"Following the spread of the novel coronavirus nCoV2019 epidemic to all the regions of China, New Delhi has been in consultation with the Chinese authorities about the evacuation of Indian nationals trapped in Wuhan city, the epicentre of the outbreak. Sources said the discussions were still on because the Chinese authorities have been advising against evacuation given the high risk of the spread of the virus. Wuhan city with a population of 11 million people, has been placed under lockdown. New Delhi has requested Beijing for permission to operate two flights to bring back Indians from Hubei province capital. The embassy is in touch with Chinese authorities on the ground to work out necessary logistics and has started sharing evacuation 'consent forms' online with Indians stranded in Wuhan. The consent form makes it mandatory for the evacuated Indians to be quarantined for 14 days on arrival. Evacuation will, however, start after preliminary medical check-ups. The death toll caused by the coronavirus in China has risen to 170. Chinese authorities also confirmed that the epidemic has spread to all the 31 provincial-level regions and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps as well. China's national health commission in its daily report said that out of 7,711 people infected with the virus, 1,370 patients were critical and 12,167 under observation for suspected infection. But around 89,000 people have been in close contact with patients, so far. The outbreak, though with miniscule numbers, has spread to at least 16 other countries triggering a worldwide panic. The World Health Organization (WHO) will meet later in the day to assess whether the epidemic in China is now a global health emergency. India on Wednesday sent 27 samples of Indian nationals to the Indian Council of Medical Research, National Institute of Virology, Pune . However, ""all of them tested negative for nCoV2020"", the government said and also advised citizens to refrain from travelling to China. ""In view of the spurt of cases being reported from China and travel-related cases appearing in many countries, travellers to China are advised to refrain from travelling to China. All travellers from China were advised to monitor their health closely,"" the government said in its advisory."|China, spread, Chinese, authorities, epidemic, evacuation, Indian, Wuhan, people, Indians, health, advised, coronavirus, regions, Delhi, nationals, city, outbreak, virus, consent|health,virus,evacuation,authorities,Indian|wuhan,delhi,corps,health,xinjiang,beijing,world,india,hubei,pune,and,production,council,s,institute,construction,of,research,medical,new,indian,virology,chinese,organization,indians,china,national|1580328900
5e3fa636c7d7d06da7396f20|"Yaroslavl, February 3 - Russian news agency. According to the regional health ministry, a two-year-old who recently arrived in China was hospitalized in Tula, where he was quarantined in a boxing ring. The child was hospitalized on Monday. As the temperature increased, parents went to see a doctor. ""Since the child returned from Hainan Province of China a few days ago, he was hospitalized in accordance with the provisions of the health regulations, Diseases caused by new coronavirus infection are not excluded before analysis It is reported that the patient was isolated in an isolated box and all necessary diagnostic analysis was performed. "" Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 17200 people were infected with coronavirus in China, and 361 died. Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|China, hospitalized, health, child, coronavirus, analysis, isolated, 2019, people, Yaroslavl, February, Russian, agency, regional, ministry, year, recently, arrived, Tula, quarantined|health,analysis,arrived,Russian,isolated|world,yaroslavl,wuhan,colorado,chinese,organization,china,russian,hainan,tula,health|1580731320
5e40cec9c0fe4e1400def4ee|In view of the strong spread of the new lung disease, China has significantly tightened its measures over the weekend. The number of confirmed deaths rose to 56, as reported by the National Health Authority. As a result, almost 2000 people have been infected with the Coronavirus that causes the disease. 38 cases are added worldwide, including the first in Europe with three patients in France. Some countries were preparing to expel their citizens from the Wuhan region. (dpa)|disease, view, strong, spread, lung, China, significantly, tightened, measures, weekend, number, confirmed, deaths, rose, 56, reported, National, Health, Authority, result|tightened,lung,disease,significantly,rose|france,wuhan,coronavirus,china,authority,health,national,europe|1579993200
5e3fa6437789d687c1b75744|"Moscow, 5 February. /tass/ The World Health Organization (who)) pointed out that there are no effective methods and means to treat the new coronavirus. As Tarek yazalevich, who's official spokesman, said in the financial times on Wednesday, ""there is no known effective treatment for the 2019 ncov virus."". So, as the publication points out, who questions ""media reports of breakthroughs in the search for new treatments. The group recommends that experts conduct clinical tests for any possible drugs, it added. Sky News earlier reported that British researchers have made a breakthrough in developing a new Colorado virus vaccine. According to his information, Robin shattok, a professor at Imperial College London, is preparing to start animal vaccine testing next week, In summer, in public, as long as there is enough money."|effective, virus, vaccine, Moscow, February, tass, World, Health, Organization, pointed, methods, means, treat, coronavirus, Tarek, yazalevich, official, spokesman, financial, Wednesday|virus,vaccine,Organization,methods,effective|imperial,world,british,sky,colorado,organization,news,robin,health,london,yazalevich,shattok,college,moscow,tarek|1580944477
5e3e653fa6201cadba7c8091|"Built in just eight days, a Chinese hospital dedicated to treat people infected with a new coronavirus in Wuhan, the epicentre of the outbreak, will begin to receive patients on Monday, state media said. The hospital, Huoshenshan, or ""fire-god mountain"", is designed to have 1,000 beds for patients with confirmed infections to ease a shortage of beds elsewhere in the city as the virus spreads. The epidemic has killed 361 people and infected more than 17,000 in China and at least 171 overseas. There are more than 11,000 cases in Hubei province, where Wuhan is located, state television said on Monday. Construction of Huoshenshan was copied from a hospital built in Beijing in 2003 that was dedicated to the fight against SARS, or severe acute respiratory syndrome. More than 7,500 workers took part in the fast-build project, which commenced on Jan. 25 and finished this weekend. China is building a second hospital in Wuhan dedicated to the treatment of coronavirus patients, with 1,600 beds. Leishenshan, or ""thunder-god mountain"", is scheduled to be completed on Feb 5."|hospital, dedicated, Wuhan, patients, 000, beds, people, infected, coronavirus, Monday, state, Huoshenshan, god, mountain, China, Built, days, Chinese, treat, epicentre|beds,infected,days,patients,god|huoshenshan,wuhan,chinese,hubei,china,leishenshan,sars,beijing|1580705400
5e415580cae8370994363d05|The Indian Ministry of Health today announced that it detected the first case of the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in the state of Kerala, in the south of the country, according to a report from the body. According to Indian authorities, a student who was studying at Wuhan University in Wuhan City, the most affected by the virus outbreak, showed positive results for the virus. The Indian ministry mentioned in the note that the student is isolated and being monitored in a hospital. It wasn't clear when the student returned from China to India.|Indian, student, Wuhan, virus, Ministry, Health, announced, detected, case, coronavirus, 2019, nCoV, state, Kerala, south, country, report, body, authorities, studying|country,virus,student,announced,authorities|india,wuhan,city,china,university,of,health,ministry,kerala,indian|1580377080
5e41552bcae8370994363ca5|"The Directorate-General for Health (DGS) clarified this Tuesday that at this time in Portugal it is not necessary to wear masks to protect against the new coronavirus, except for carers of any infected with the disease. ""According to current indications that we have, and also in accordance with the recommendations of the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), citizens are not currently required to wear masks,"" said Lusa Nurse Goreti da Silva, of the National Programme for Prevention and Control of Infections and Antimicrobial resistance (PPCIRA) to DGS. Goreti Silva also said that widespread use of the mask can give ""a false sense of security"". As exceptional situations in which wearing masks will be necessary, Goreti da Silva pointed out caregivers or people who have had very close contact with a confirmed case of infection. Healthcare professionals must wear special protective equipment even in the face of suspicious cases. For the general population, the nurse explains that the mask should only be used by those who travelled to the affected area by the outbreak or who had close contact with someone sick. In case you experience symptoms, you will ""immediately call Health Line 24"" and wait for the structures to be triggered, and INEM will be responsible for transporting the patient to a reference hospital. ""At the moment, we are at a stage where epidemiology says that it is the containment phase and at this stage it is not at all appropriate for citizens to wear this kind of mask broadly,"" he reiterated. In the event of going from the containment phase to the mitigation phase ""the rules will be different"", the nurse advanced Yeah. ""At that time, as we do not know the number of citizens who may be contaminated, especially in public transport, in closed areas with a lot of people circulating, then the rules will be different at that stage,"" he said. In case it is necessary to wear a mask, the nurse advised to acquire those with lateral elastic on the ear so that it can be removed without tampering with the mask and deposit it directly in the waste container. He also warned that the mask must ""remain firmly seated and cover the mouth, nose and side sides of the face well"". The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control refers to protective masks help prevent the spread of infection and help protect those who are ill, but their use does not seem to be efficient for those who are not ill. The main symptoms of (2019-nCoV) are respiratory and may be common or flu-like: fever, cough, respiratory distress, muscle pain and tiredness. There are patients who develop viral pneumonia and even septicaemia. The preliminary analyses carried out on the 20-person returnees from Portugal, who arrived in Lisbon on Sunday, had negative results. The 18th Portuguese and two Brazilians will remain in prophylactic isolation for four days in dedicated facilities for this purpose at Pulido Valente Hospital (Hospital Hospital Hospital in Lisbon Norte) and Lisbon Health Park. China rose this Tuesday for 426 dead and more than twenty thousand infected with the balance of the pneumonia outbreak caused by the new coronavirus detected last December in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province, placed under quarantine."|mask, wear, masks, Hospital, Health, Prevention, Control, citizens, Goreti, Silva, case, nurse, stage, phase, Lisbon, DGS, Tuesday, time, Portugal, protect|citizens,protect,wear,time,Lisbon|disease,wuhan,brazilians,portuguese,valente,health,portugal,infections,norte,silva,nurse,line,hubei,and,lisbon,prevention,general,lusa,pulido,programme,for,hospital,da,ecdc,inem,of,goreti,dgs,centre,european,china,24,directorate,national,control,park,province|1580838180
5e3e9abc76c6e08a821bd105|"According to the Hong Kong Ming Pao report, the U.S. expert model infers that the coronavirus kills 65 million people every year and a half, and the U.S. expert assumed the situation of the outbreak last October and expected it to spread around the world in six months. The report points out that the infection of pneumonia caused by new coronavirus in Wuhan in China has attracted the attention of the international community to cope with the epidemic. An American expert passed the infectious disease model in October last year, assuming that once there is a small outbreak of the coronavirus, it will spread rapidly and kill 65 million people in 18 months. This model has attracted more attention recently. Experts involved in the simulation said that the model aims to reveal not only the impact of the epidemic on public health, but also the economic and social impact. Global public and private institutions need to strengthen cooperation in response. ""I've always believed that the virus most likely to trigger a new outbreak is the coronavirus,"" said Eric toner, a senior researcher in internal medicine and emergency medicine at the Johns Hopkins Center for health and safety on Friday The report said that the Johns Hopkins Center for health and safety cooperated with the Gates Foundation and the world economic forum in October last year to conduct a simulation epidemic exercise, in which Tona also participated. In the event 201 exercise, 15 government, business and public health leaders participated in the exercise to make decisions in different policy options under the epidemic situation. The model assumes that a coronavirus named caps, which is more lethal than SARS, can spread easily like a cold, but no vaccine has been developed, and can spread rapidly to cause a global pandemic. According to the results of the exercise, the virus can spread all over the world in just six months; according to the exercise of 18event 201, the epidemic caused the suspension of flights, reducing the travel booking rate by 45%; the false information and false information spread on social networks; at the same time, it also caused the global financial crisis, with stock markets plummeting by 20-40% and world GDP shrinking by 11%. According to toner, when governments and private companies cannot adequately respond to the pandemic, they need to move towards international cooperation and consider how to produce and distribute vaccines at a global level, the report said. He said that cities are becoming more and more crowded, and people are invading the original space of wild animals, which has become the ""epidemic era"" of diseases. Tona has not completed an in-depth study of Wuhan pneumonia: ""we do not know how it spread. The initial impression is that it is significantly milder than SARS, which is reassuring 。 On the other hand, it may be easier to spread than SARS. "" According to toner, who has erred in its refusal to identify ""emergencies."". On Thursday, the who rejected the announcement of Wuhan pneumonia as an ""international public health emergency"" on the grounds that there were few cases outside China, Mingbao reported. According to Tona, who may have made a mistake. Michael bociurkiw, a global affairs analyst who used to be a who contractor, also wrote on CNN yesterday that the who needs to take rapid action to promote coordination, strengthen surveillance and urge governments to take action by announcing ""international public health emergencies""."|spread, epidemic, health, model, coronavirus, public, exercise, report, world, international, global, expert, people, year, outbreak, October, months, pneumonia, caused, Wuhan|health,months,pneumonia,international,caused|toner,wuhan,health,foundation,gates,michael,sars,pao,u,s,for,kong,mingbao,american,ming,cnn,johns,hong,hopkins,center,eric,china,bociurkiw,tona|1580200320
5e43fb435f23719b6c6f645e|BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping warned top officials last week that efforts to contain the new coronavirus had gone too far, threatening the country’s economy, sources told Reuters, days before Beijing rolled out measures to soften the blow. With growth at its slowest in nearly three decades, China’s leaders seem eager to strike a balance between protecting an already-slowing economy and stamping out an epidemic that has killed more than 1,000 people and infected more than 40,000. After reviewing reports on the outbreak from the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and other economic departments, Xi told local officials during a Feb 3 meeting of the Politburo’s Standing Committee that some of the actions taken to contain the virus are harming the economy, said two people familiar with the meeting, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter. He urged them to refrain from “more restrictive measures”, the two people said. Local authorities outside Wuhan - where the virus is thought to have first taken hold - have shut down schools and factories, sealed off roads and railways, banned public events and even locked down residential compounds. Xi said some of those steps have not been practical and have sown fear among the public, they said. China’s state council information office did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The official Xinhua News Agency, reporting on the Politburo meeting last Monday, called the coronavirus outbreak “a major test of China’s system and capacity for governance.” It added, without details, that “party committees and governments of all levels were urged to achieve the targets of economic and social development this year.” Since the meeting, China’s central bank has vowed to step up support for the economy and prepared policy tools to offset the damage. The NDRC said at a weekend briefing that it was urging companies and factories to resume work, especially in “key industries” such as food and pharmaceuticals. “In the context of the epidemic and the downward pressure on the economy, it is more important to maintain economic growth,” Pan Gongsheng, vice-governor of China’s central bank, said on Friday. On Monday, Zhejiang province, an economic powerhouse in eastern China, ordered local authorities not to overreact by restricting everyday movement or shutting down “shops of chain stores and convenience stores that sell daily necessities such as vegetables, cooking oil as well as meat, eggs and dairy products,” according to a government release. China has unveiled new tax policies as it tries to reduce the burden on industries hit heavily by the epidemic. Reuters reported this month that policymakers in China are preparing measures, including more fiscal spending and interest rate cuts, amid expectations the outbreak will devastate first-quarter growth. Many in China returned to work on Monday after the Lunar New Year holiday was effectively extended for about 10 days, but morning commutes were far less crowded than usual and numerous factories remained shut. The ruling Communist Party’s propaganda department last week ordered state media to focus on “economic recovery”, according to a person with direct knowledge of the order, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation. China’s official media has been trying to project calm. In a Monday editorial, the official People’s Daily urged the public to deal with the epidemic with a “positive mood”.|China, economy, economic, epidemic, meeting, Monday, Reuters, Xi, measures, growth, people, outbreak, urged, factories, public, official, officials, coronavirus, told, days|urged,economic,days,officials,outbreak|commission,development,zhejiang,people,wuhan,jinping,politburo,beijing,reform,party,and,gongsheng,communist,reuters,year,agency,xinhua,s,ndrc,lunar,standing,monday,new,committee,chinese,news,china,xi,daily,national,pan|1581421680
5e4a9038f6963609bf988817|SIHANOUKVILLE, Cambodia (Reuters) - After nearly two weeks cast away in search of a port that would take them, passengers aboard the MS Westerdam cruise ship spoke of an ordeal that was anything but harrowing. “Everyone says ‘poor you’. But there was no poor you. We had free internet and free wine. We had three-course meals. There was so much choice,” said Zahra Jennings, a retired staff nurse from Britain. How was it? “Lovely,” she said. The 1,544 passengers and 802 crew had never expected a port stop in Hong Kong to metastasize into full-blown fear that some of the ship’s passengers carried the novel coronavirus that emerged in Wuhan, China, late last year and has killed more than 1,500 people. Turned away by Japan, Taiwan, Guam, the Philippines and Thailand, it was Cambodia that finally let the lost ship dock – and it was discovered there that none of the passengers was infected. The only complaint aboard? “They ran out of hash browns a couple of days ago, and tomato sauce,” said Robert Sayers, a 60-year-old chemical company employee from New Zealand. “But that was it. It was fine, really.” Cruise ships around Asia face widespread fears they may be spreading the virus since it was found aboard the Diamond Princess that is now at anchor in Yokohama and where 218 of the passengers have been diagnosed with the virus. Vietnam turned back two ships on Friday. It was Valentine’s Day when the first passengers disembarked from the Westerdam. The prime minister, Hun Sen, flew in from the capital, shaking hands with passengers and handing out roses. Government officials draped “Welcome to Cambodia” banners on buses. All passengers were given free visas. Hun Sen, an authoritarian ruler condemned by Western countries for human rights abuses said: “Our current disease around the world is fear and discrimination,” he said. “If Cambodia didn’t allow this ship to dock, where should these 2,000 passengers go?” Holland America sent letters to all passengers saying it would reimburse the cost of the cruise, give them another free 14-day cruise, and charter them flights home. The company, it said, would do its best to match the class of flight they had originally booked. The cruise had been scheduled to end in Shanghai on Saturday. In Shanghai it was 14 Celsius, overcast and raining. In Sihanoukville, it was 27C and sunny. Holland America arranged free coaches to a nearby beach for the stranded passengers, across the street from the villa where Hun Sen stays in Sihanoukville and surrounded by Chinese casinos. “This was my best cruise ever,” said retired Canadian aerospace engineer Pierre Ashby. “Usually you buy a cruise and you know exactly what you are going to get. This was an adventure.” His wife was sitting beside him in a yellow bathing suit with two red roses. Barefoot in the sand, he smiled and gestured out to sea. “Take your time.”|passengers, cruise, free, Cambodia, ship, aboard, Hun, Sen, port, Westerdam, poor, retired, fear, year, dock, company, ships, virus, roses, Holland|Holland,aboard,virus,ships,port|taiwan,philippines,wuhan,thailand,america,sayers,yokohama,holland,princess,ashby,celsius,vietnam,diamond,robert,hun,japan,ms,westerdam,s,kong,britain,cambodia,western,valentine,day,sihanoukville,jennings,new,zahra,hong,pierre,chinese,canadian,china,asia,shanghai,zealand,guam,sen|1581762900
5e3e6525a6201cadba7c805b|"IndiGo airlines said on Wednesday that due to the novel coronavirus outbreak in China, it has decided to suspend its flights on the Bengaluru-Hong Kong route from February 1 and on the Delhi-Chengdu route from February 1 to 20. The low-cost carrier said for now, it will continue to operate the Kolkata-Guangzhou flight which it is ""monitoring on a daily basis"". ""And for our operating crew, we are ensuring that they return to India on the inbound flights without any layover in China,"" the airline said in a statement. Moreover, according to a source, India's largest airline has also told its crew members who are working on flights connecting India with East Asian countries like Thailand and Singapore to wear N95 masks at all times when they are on ground. ""However, these crew members have been asked not to wear the mask when they are flying. They have also been told to avoid public places, meat from unverified sources and uncooked meat in East Asian cities. They have also been told to wash their hands frequently,"" the source added. According to an Air India official, all crew members working on flights between India and South East Asia have been asked to wear N95 masks. In India, many people are under observation in hospitals for suspected coronavirus infection including in Maharashtra, Goa, Odisha and the national capital. People returning to the country after visiting China are being regularly screened for the deadly virus at airports across the country. Novel coronavirus (nCoV) is a large family of viruses that causes illnesses ranging from common cold to acute respiratory syndromes. The virus, which has killed 132 people and affected at least 6,000 others in China, is a novel strain not seen before . In its statement, IndiGo said on Wednesday, ""After carefully assessing the current coronavirus situation in China, IndiGo is taking some safety measures for its customers, crew and staff. Due to China travel restrictions, we have seen a high number of cancellations from China on our Delhi-Chengdu route and vice versa."" ""Therefore, we are suspending our flights between Delhi and Chengdu from February 1 until February 20. We are also suspending our Bengaluru- Hong Kong flight effective February 1,"" it added. The low-cost carrier stated that these are purely temporary and precautionary measures. ""We understand that these measures will cause inconvenience to our customers and we will be refunding the full amount to the impacted passengers,"" it clarified. IndiGo added that it is in ""close touch"" with the ""relevant government authorities"" and ""we thank them and our partners in China for all the help and support that they have extended so far"". Air India has kept a 423-seater jumbo plane ready in Mumbai to airlift Indian citizens from Wuhan city in China in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak. Wuhan is the capital of China's Hubei province. As India started the preparations to evacuate over 250 Indians, mostly students, stuck in the Hubei province, its embassy in Beijing said these nationals will have to undergo a mandatory 14-day quarantine on their return."|China, India, coronavirus, flights, February, crew, IndiGo, route, Delhi, Chengdu, told, members, East, wear, added, measures, Wednesday, outbreak, Bengaluru, Hong|added,flights,crew,members,East|thailand,mumbai,wuhan,delhi,indigo,odisha,kolkata,chengdu,beijing,india,singapore,hubei,guangzhou,s,kong,east,goa,bengaluru,south,maharashtra,indian,hong,asian,indians,china,asia,air|1580256720
5e43fb085f23719b6c6f6416|(Reuters) - The death toll from a new coronavirus in mainland China crossed 560 on Thursday as experts intensified efforts to find a vaccine for a disease that has shut down Chinese cities and forced thousands more into quarantine around the world. Here are the latest developments: **The death toll in mainland China rose to 563 on Thursday, up by a record 70 from the previous day, the National Health Commission said. **The total number of infections in China rose by 3,694 on Thursday to 28,018. **Nearly 260 cases have been reported in 31 other countries and regions outside mainland China, according to a Reuters tally based on official statements from the authorities involved. **There have been two deaths outside mainland China, in Hong Kong and the Philippines. **Ten more people on a quarantined cruise liner in the port of Yokohama south of Tokyo have tested positive for coronavirus. **In the United States, another 350 American evacuees from Wuhan were placed under quarantine at two military bases in California. **In Hong Kong, 3,600 passengers and crew were confined to their ship docked in the city for tests after three people on board had tested positive earlier. **Asian stocks edged up a day after U.S. S&P 500 hit a record peak following encouraging economic data, while investors keep a wary eye on the impact of the coronavirus outbreak. [MKTS/GLOB] **The hit to Australia’s economy from a viral epidemic spreading from China is likely to be “significant”, Prime Minister Scott Morrison said. **Hundreds of experts will meet in Geneva next week to set research and development priorities for coronavirus drugs, diagnostics and vaccines to combat the outbreak, the World Health Organization said. **Taiwan said it would suspend entry for all Chinese citizens who live in mainland China from Thursday. **White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said the epidemic would delay a surge in U.S. exports to China expected from the Phase 1 trade deal set to take effect later this month. **American Airlines Group and United Airlines said they would suspend flights to and from Hong Kong after this week. **Several countries including Australia and New Zealand continued to evacuate citizens from Wuhan city. **Schools in China’s financial hub of Shanghai will remain shut until at least the end of February, authorities said.|China, mainland, coronavirus, Thursday, Hong, Kong, Reuters, death, toll, experts, shut, Chinese, quarantine, rose, record, day, Health, countries, authorities, people|death,Chinese,shut,quarantine,Kong|commission,taiwan,philippines,wuhan,kudlow,schools,yokohama,health,white,australia,world,united,airlines,geneva,reuters,house,u,tokyo,s,larry,kong,group,california,american,new,hong,asian,chinese,organization,china,states,scott,national,morrison,shanghai,zealand,p|1581529740
5e3e678bff976e92724b70c8|BEIJING (Reuters) - President Xi Jinping said China was facing a “grave situation” as the death toll from the coronavirus outbreak jumped to 42, overshadowing Lunar New Year celebrations that began on Saturday. China also announced further transport restrictions. With more than 1,400 people infected worldwide, most of them in China, Hong Kong declared a virus emergency, scrapped celebrations and restricted links to mainland China. Australia confirmed its first four cases and Canada its first on Saturday, after Malaysia confirmed four and France reported Europe’s first cases on Friday, as health authorities around the world scrambled to prevent a pandemic. The United States is arranging a charter flight on Sunday to bring its citizens and diplomats back from Wuhan, the central Chinese city at the epicenter of the outbreak, the Wall Street Journal reported. In Hong Kong, with five confirmed cases, the city’s leader  Carrie Lam said flights and high speed rail trips between the city and Wuhan will be halted. Schools in Hong Kong that are currently on Lunar New Year holidays will remain closed until Feb. 17. Xi held a politburo meeting on Saturday on measures to fight the “accelerating” outbreak, state television reported. As of 8 p.m. local time (1200 GMT) on Saturday, the death toll in China had risen to 42, authorities reported. Some 1,372 people in China have been infected with the virus - traced to a seafood market in Wuhan that was illegally selling wildlife. The virus has also been detected in Thailand, Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Nepal, and the United States. In Hubei province, where Wuhan is located, officials appealed for masks and protective suits. “We are steadily pushing forward the disease control and prevention .. . But right now we are facing an extremely severe public health crisis,” Hu Yinghai, deputy director-general of the Civil Affairs Department, told a news briefing. The newly identified coronavirus has created alarm because there are still many unknowns surrounding it, such as how dangerous it is and how easily it spreads between people.      It can cause pneumonia, which has been deadly in some cases. Ride-hailing giant Didi Chuxing said it was halting inter-city services to and from Beijing from Sunday, while the capital will also stop running inter-province shuttle buses. State broadcaster CCTV, citing an announcement from China’s tourism industry association, said the country would halt all group tours, both at home and abroad, from Monday. Wuhan said it would ban non-essential vehicles from its downtown starting Sunday, further paralyzing a city of 11 million that has been on virtual lockdown since Thursday, with nearly all flights canceled and checkpoints blocking the main roads leading out of town. Authorities have since imposed transport restrictions on nearly all of Hubei province, which has a population of 59 million. Australia confirmed its first four cases in two different cities on Saturday, and the country’s chief health official said  he expected more cases as Australia is a popular destination for Chinese tourists. Canada on Saturday identified its first case in a Toronto resident who recently returned from Wuhan. State-run China Global Television Network reported on Saturday that a doctor who had been treating patients in Wuhan, 62-year-old Liang Wudong, had died from the virus. U.S. coffee chain Starbucks said it was closing all its Hubei outlets for the week-long Lunar New Year holiday, following a similar move by McDonald’s in five Hubei cities . Workers in white protective suits checked temperatures of passengers entering the subway at Beijing’s central railway station on Saturday, while some train services in the eastern  Yangtze River Delta region were suspended, the local railway operator said. There are fears transmission could accelerate as hundreds of millions of Chinese travel during the holiday, although many have canceled their plans. Airports around the world have stepped up screening of passengers from China, although some health officials and experts have questioned the effectiveness of such screenings. In an illustration of how such efforts could miss cases, doctors at a Paris hospital said two of the three Chinese nationals in France who have been diagnosed with the virus had arrived in the country without showing any symptoms. The World Health Organization this week stopped short of calling the outbreak a global health emergency. A report by infectious disease specialists at Imperial College, London on Saturday said that despite this, the epidemic “represents a clear and ongoing global health threat,” adding: “It is uncertain at the current time whether it is possible to contain the continuing epidemic within China.” While China has called for transparency in managing the crisis, after a cover-up of the 2002/2003 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) spread, officials in Wuhan have been criticized for their handling of the current outbreak. In rare public dissent, a senior journalist at a Hubei newspaper run by the ruling Communist Party wrote on Friday on the Twitter-like Weibo social media platform that there should be an “immediate” change of leadership in Wuhan. The post was later removed. Hubei province, where authorities are rushing to build a 1,000-bed hospital in six days, announced on Saturday that there were 658 patients affected by the virus in treatment, 57 of whom were critically ill. Shanghai Disneyland was closed from Saturday . Beijing’s Lama Temple, where people make offerings for the New Year, has also closed, as have some other temples. Britain advised against all travel to Hubei and told its citizens in the province to leave. (GRAPHIC: The spread of a new coronavirus - here)|China, Saturday, Wuhan, cases, Hubei, virus, health, outbreak, reported, city, province, Year, people, confirmed, Chinese, coronavirus, Lunar, Hong, Kong, Australia|health,virus,province,Australia,Kong|taiwan,thailand,wuhan,delta,jinping,wall,journal,malaysia,nepal,affairs,department,chuxing,health,sunday,severe,disneyland,vietnam,australia,beijing,yangtze,network,sars,france,imperial,world,singapore,united,wudong,yinghai,party,hubei,japan,communist,year,weibo,street,temple,u,s,gmt,didi,kong,lam,respiratory,lunar,acute,britain,civil,starbucks,cctv,television,mcdonald,toronto,paris,global,london,new,south,korea,lama,hong,chinese,organization,canada,china,states,xi,college,liang,river,carrie,syndrome,shanghai,europe,hu|1579953600
5e3fa8027789d687c1b757fc|"Moscow, February 3. / Cole. Tasandrekatas Society ""It will remain the same in Russia."" This was announced by Alexei Titov, the initiator of the Russian phase. Earlier, speedweek, a German portal, reported that ""formula one could change the calendar position due to the coronal eruption"" during the Grand Prix stages in Russia and China. The China Grand Prix is scheduled to be held in Shanghai from April 16 to 19, and the Sochi competition is scheduled to be held in Shanghai from September 24 to 27. ""The Grand Prix date was approved by the FIA last October and remains unchanged,"" Titov said. Previously, the International Automobile Association (FIA) postponed the Grand Prix stage of ""due time in China due to Colorado virus"". The competition is scheduled to be held in Sana'a on March 21, 2020. Chinese authorities suspended all domestic sports until April About These include the Olympic boxing trials from February 3 to 14 and the Olympic women's football trials from March 6 to 11. World Boxing Council (WBC) and World Boxing Organization (wbo) world champion level combat, up to 63, On February 2, family match between Jose Ramirez, a US citizen, and Victor bostall, a Ukrainian citizen Hockey League). The initial period is March 13-15. From February 21 to 27, the youth ice hockey world championship was held in the second division. There are nearly 15000 cases of pneumonia caused by coronavirus 2019 ncov in China. In this regard, we note that in the past decade, at least 304 residents in our country have died and more than 400 patients have been discharged. Chinese authorities suspended all sports competitions nationwide until April."|February, Grand, Prix, China, held, due, scheduled, April, March, Russia, Titov, Shanghai, competition, 27, FIA, 21, Chinese, authorities, suspended, sports|27,competition,FIA,authorities,Shanghai|sana,russian,olympic,ramirez,prix,boxing,world,cole,alexei,us,victor,council,international,bostall,russia,colorado,society,jose,association,grand,tasandrekatas,moscow,a,german,chinese,organization,ukrainian,china,titov,fia,automobile,sochi,shanghai,league,hockey|1580738240
5e4155b9cae8370994363d69|The aircraft, which is going to repatriate Portuguese and other European citizens from that city in central China, left the airport in Beja this Thursday morning towards o n e of the runways at the air base No 11, from which it took off at 10h06.|aircraft, repatriate, Portuguese, European, citizens, city, central, China, left, airport, Beja, Thursday, morning, runways, air, base, 11, 10h06|citizens,repatriate,central,runways,11|beja,11,portuguese,china,european,no|1580393100
5e43fb115f23719b6c6f6432|(Reuters) - A growing number of countries around the world are evacuating or planning to evacuate diplomatic staff and citizens from parts of China hit by the new coronavirus. Following are some countries’ evacuation plans, and how they aim to manage the health risk from those who are returning. - Canada, after evacuating 215 last week, flew back 185 Canadians from Wuhan on Feb. 11. All evacuees will be quarantined on the Trenton, Ontario base for two weeks. - Ukraine is preparing to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan on Feb. 11 by special charter plane to Kiev, the country’s embassy in China said on Feb. 10. Returning citizens would be put into mandatory quarantine for two weeks. -  A second evacuation flight is bringing back another 174 Singaporeans and their family members from Wuhan to the city-state on Feb. 9, Singapore’s foreign ministry said. -  Thirty Filipinos returned to the Philippines on Feb. 9 from Wuhan, the Department of Foreign Affairs said. The returning passengers and a 10-member government team will be quarantined for 14 days. - Britain’s final evacuation flight from Wuhan, carrying more than 200 people, landed at a Royal Air Force base in central England on Feb. 9. A plane carrying 83 British and 27 European Union nationals from Wuhan landed in Britain last week. -  Two planes with about 300 passengers, mostly U.S. citizens, took off from Wuhan on Feb. 6 bound for the United States - the third group of evacuees from the heart of the coronavirus outbreak, the U.S. State Department said. -  Uzbekistan has evacuated 251 people from China and quarantined them on arrival in Tashkent, the Central Asian nation’s state airline said on Feb. 6. -  A plane load of New Zealanders, Australians and Pacific Islanders evacuated from Wuhan arrived in Auckland, New Zealand on Feb. 5, officials said. -  Taiwan has evacuated the first batch of an estimated 500 Taiwanese stranded in Wuhan. -  The 34 Brazilians evacuated from Wuhan landed in Brazil on Feb. 9, where they will begin 18 days of quarantine. -  Italy flew back 56 nationals from Wuhan to Rome on Feb. 3. The group will spend two weeks in quarantine in a military hospital, the government said. -  Saudi Arabia has evacuated 10 students from Wuhan, Saudi state television reported on Feb. 2. - Indonesia’s government flew 243 Indonesians from Hubei on Feb. 2 and placed them under quarantine at a military base on an island northwest of Borneo. - South Korea flew 368 people home on a charter flight that arrived on Jan. 31. A second chartered flight departed Seoul for Wuhan on Jan. 31, with plans to evacuate around 350 more South Korean citizens. - Japan chartered a third flight to repatriate Japanese people, which arrived from Wuhan on Jan. 31, bringing the number of repatriated nationals to 565. -  Kazakhstan, which previously evacuated 83 people from Wuhan, will send two planes to China on Feb. 10 and Feb. 12 to evacuate its citizens. Out of 719 Kazakhs remaining in China, 391 have asked to be repatriated. - Spain’s government is working with China and the European     Union to repatriate its nationals. - Russia said it would begin moving its citizens out of China via its Far Eastern region on Feb. 1, regional authorities said. It plans to evacuate more than 600 Russian citizens currently in Hubei, Deputy Prime Minister Tatiana Golikova said. A first Russian military plane took off on Feb. 4 to evacuate Russian citizens from Wuhan, the RIA news agency reported. - The Netherlands is preparing the voluntary evacuation of 20 Dutch nationals and their families from Hubei, Foreign Minister Stef Blok said. The Netherlands is finalising arrangements with EU partners and Chinese authorities. -  France has evacuated some nationals from Wuhan and said it would place the passengers in quarantine. It said it would first evacuate nationals without symptoms and then those showing symptoms at a later, unspecified date. - Swiss authorities said they hope to have about 10 citizens join the French evacuation of nationals from China. - A plane brought 138 Thai nationals home from Wuhan last week. They will spend two weeks in quarantine.|Wuhan, Feb, citizens, nationals, China, evacuate, evacuated, quarantine, evacuation, plane, 10, flight, people, flew, weeks, government, plans, back, quarantined, base|citizens,quarantine,evacuation,plane,government|taiwan,philippines,wuhan,england,state,tashkent,brazilians,korean,far,affairs,ontario,department,russian,ria,thai,zealanders,force,tatiana,singaporeans,auckland,eu,spain,stef,france,singapore,united,italy,kiev,hubei,japan,trenton,filipinos,indonesia,indonesians,japanese,union,u,s,australians,russia,british,the,britain,islanders,borneo,french,of,ukraine,european,new,south,korea,kazakhstan,asian,canadians,rome,central,dutch,swiss,uzbekistan,foreign,golikova,canada,china,states,netherlands,chinese,brazil,seoul,pacific,taiwanese,royal,air,arabia,zealand,eastern,blok,kazakhs,saudi|1581405300
5e3faa4a7789d687c1b758ec|New York, January 28. /tass/ Facebook advises all its employees not to travel to China after a pneumonia outbreak in new Colorado in 2019. On Monday, Bloomberg Business News reported the situation, citing its own sources. According to their data, the restrictions on Facebook staff take effect on Monday. The company's staff are also required to apply to their superiors for permission to travel to China if necessary. It is recommended that workers who have already returned or recently returned from the country work from home. At the request of Bloomberg, Facebook declined to comment on the information. C. About coronavirus Centers for Disease Control and Prevention（ All five patients went to Wuhan, China, where a new coronavirus caused pneumonia broke out. The cases occurred in four states: Arizona, Washington, Illinois and California. On Monday, the State Department called on Americans to reconsider plans to travel to China because of the Colorado virus About The foreign ministry also advised against going to China's Hubei Province, whose administrative center is Wuhan.|China, Facebook, travel, Monday, pneumonia, Colorado, Bloomberg, staff, returned, coronavirus, Wuhan, York, January, 28, tass, advises, employees, outbreak, 2019, Business|tass,pneumonia,employees,York,January|state,disease,wuhan,illinois,department,york,americans,hubei,and,washington,prevention,s,for,california,colorado,business,new,news,centers,arizona,china,control,bloomberg,province,facebook|1580197596
5e3fbeeb69c07839d5500b40|KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia has expanded a ban on visitors from China to include Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces, after China’s decision to lock down cities in the provinces to curb the spread of the coronavirus outbreak that has claimed over 800 lives. The Southeast Asian nation on Jan. 27 imposed a temporary ban on travelers arriving from the city of Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, and the surrounding province of Hubei. Deputy Prime Minister Wan Azizah Wan Ismail said the decision follows China’s move to extend its lockdown to five cities in Zhejiang and two in Jiangsu. China’s Hubei province, where Wuhan is the capital, has been on lockdown since Jan. 23. “[The] travel restrictions will be enforced in accordance with the lock-down region imposed by the Chinese Government,” Wan Azizah said in a statement on Sunday. The restriction will be imposed on all tourists regardless of nationality who have visited Hubei, Zhejiang and Jiangsu, she added. Malaysia has reported 16 confirmed cases of the coronavirus as of Saturday, two of which had been discharged after making a recovery. The death toll from the coronavirus outbreak in mainland China has reached 811 as of Saturday, according to China’s National Health Commission.|China, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, coronavirus, outbreak, imposed, Hubei, Wan, Malaysia, ban, provinces, decision, lock, cities, Jan, Wuhan, province, Azizah, lockdown, Saturday|province,lock,ban,Jan,Malaysia|commission,kuala,zhejiang,wuhan,hubei,jiangsu,ismail,chinese,china,malaysia,health,lumpur,national,wan,southeast,s,azizah,asian|1581234900
5e414833b727ac2cbdeceaea|"The Brent oil barrel for delivery in March was dropping 2% today at the London Intercontinental Exchange Futures (ICE) due to fears of a recoil demand due to the coronavirus outbreak in China. Negative sentiment has spread to the main European squares, which closed today's sitting (around 16h30, local Lisbon time) most of them losing more than 2%, with airlines and luxury goods manufacturers being penalised more. The coronavirus has already caused 80 deaths and more than 2700 infected in China, a country that would normally be celebrating the new lunar year (the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is closed until Wednesday), but which has seen celebrations kept to a minimum in an attempt to contain the outbreak. W In addition to reversing the usual consumption trend for the Chinese market at this time, the latest news of the coronavirus has meant that restrictions on travelling both inside and to and from the Chinese territory have also affected the development of the securities of transport and tourism companies. In German aviation Lufthansa fell 4,33% and Air France resvalved 5,64%. At the hotel, the Accor group gave in 3,48%. In consumer companies, the most penalised sector has by far been luxury goods, with Reuters moving forward that the largest multinationals have lost together over fifty billion dollars of stock-market capitalisation since the virus appeared last week. Today, LVMH- Moete Hennessy Louis Vuitton lost 3,68%, Christian Dior sank 3,69%, Hermes devalued 4,3%, Burberry other 4,78% and Kering, owner of the Gucci brand, fell 3,61%. In Portugal, the PSI20 yielded 2,04% (5.178,89 points) the highest drop since August, and in Madrid, the Ibex35 retreated 2,05% (at 9366,30 points). In addition to the Iberian Peninsula, losses were from 2,72% to the French CAC index (5.860,13 points), from 2,67% to German Dax (13) .207,38 points) and 2,32% for the British FTSE 100 (7.409,91 points). At the closing of European squares, the barrel of Brent oil (reference for the Portuguese economy) for delivery in March 2020 retreated to 59,46 dollars, for the first time below the 60-dollar barrier since October 2019. Texas oil was dropping 0,96 dollars, to 53,23 dollars. The drop in oil prices coincided with statements by the Chinese authorities that the extent of the coronavirus, which causes pneumonia, can accelerate, making fear of its impact on the global economy, according to analysts cited by Efe. In view of the fear of a fall in demand, the Saudi Minister for Energy, Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman Al-Saud, has stated to the media that this fall is mainly due to ""psychological factors"" and considered that the ""pessimistic"" environment also occurred in 2003 during the SARS outbreak, but it was later found that it ""did not cause a significant reduction"" in oil demand. Subscribe free of charge to newsletters and receive the best of today and the deepest works of the public. Analysts also say that many investors should opt for safe havens such as gold. The gold ounce quotation today recorded new ceilings since April 10th 2013 when it exceeded 1585,73 dollars, says Efe. At the closing of European squares, the ounce of gold was rising 1% against closure on Friday for 1586,42 dollars. Released at 5:31m closing markets in Europe."|dollars, oil, points, coronavirus, due, demand, outbreak, European, squares, time, Chinese, closing, gold, Brent, barrel, delivery, March, dropping, 2%, Exchange|gold,dropping,time,March,demand|kering,accor,texas,cac,lufthansa,portuguese,hermes,portugal,saud,sars,louis,france,lisbon,ftse,bin,brent,reuters,christian,dax,kong,british,madrid,dior,burberry,vuitton,london,european,exchange,al,psi20,gucci,moete,hong,ice,stock,ibex35,salman,intercontinental,german,iberian,chinese,french,abdulaziz,china,hennessy,air,futures,europe,peninsula,saudi,100|1580125804
5e3fa8977789d687c1b75840|"Washington, February 1. /tass/ The United States has imposed temporary entry bans on all kinds of foreign citizens who have visited China in recent days, Except for family members of American citizens, On Friday, health and Social Services Secretary Alex Azar announced this at a White House briefing. The president signed a decree... Which temporarily prohibits foreign citizens who may be infected with the 2019 ncov virus from entering the United States. As a result, foreign citizens, with the exception of immediate family members of US citizens and permanent residents of China in the past 14 days, Will refuse to enter the United States, ""he said. According to Azar, the ban will take effect on February 2, at 01:00 on February 3, on the eastern coast of the United States. ""The risk of infection in the United States is very low now, and through these actions, we will be able to maintain a low level,"" the minister added ""Any American citizen who has visited Hubei Province in the past 14 days and now returns to the United States will be subject to 14 days of compulsory quarantine. In order to provide them with the necessary medical assistance and examination, it is necessary. "" About ""Any American citizen who has visited other parts of mainland China in the past 14 days now returns to the United States, Preventive medical examinations will be carried out... And will be isolated at home for 14 days under the supervision of a doctor to ensure that he is not infected with the virus and that he will not be infected. ""There is no threat to public health,"" he added. Threat level The Colorado virus outbreak in China still poses a low threat to Americans. I want to emphasize that the level of threat to Americans is very low. -We have experienced, first-class health professionals to deal with these issues, and they are taking all necessary measures to ensure that this threat does not escalate. "" He added that the most important thing we have done is to provide assistance to the Chinese government to prevent the spread of the virus. -We work closely with the Chinese authorities and the World Health Organization. On the question of why restrictive measures should be implemented, if the risk to Americans due to the outbreak of the coronavirus is still very low, he explained, The measures taken are gradual. "" 。 The measures we have taken have enabled us to focus on specific unanswered questions: what is the incubation period, what is the rate of diffusion, and what is the complexity. He added that diseases could occur. -We are taking reasonable measures to be able to detect symptomatic people, diagnose diseases and quarantine them; Cure them, track them, maybe have a connection. All of this requires a lot of health resources. We have begun to take these measures against six people who have found the virus in the United States. """|United, States, days, measures, citizens, virus, 14, low, China, health, added, threat, February, foreign, visited, American, infected, past, level, Americans|citizens,virus,low,health,days|health,white,social,world,united,americans,us,hubei,washington,alex,house,any,colorado,american,services,azar,chinese,organization,china,states,province|1580522962
5e3d9af1809af6ba029e00ad|"On Wednesday, 5 February, UN Commissioner Miguel Pizarro participated as a member of the panel at an event at the Palais des Nations in Geneva, facilitated by the diplomatic missions of the United States, the Czech Republic and Brazil. The meeting was also attended by Dr. Julio Castro of the doctors for Health Association, members of the national assembly, angel Medina and francelia Ruiz de convice, chaired by the U.S. ambassador to Geneva. At the meeting, the panellists discussed with ambassadors and government representatives the serious social, political and economic crisis currently facing Venezuela: complex humanitarian emergencies, human rights violations, and the threat of regime to democracy. Political challenges and the electoral process are some of the key points, he said: ""the process that the government started on 5 January is not only an attempt to actually seize the legislative palace, but also an attempt to destroy Venezuela's last legitimate democratic institution""; ""In spite of intimidation and persecution, 100 members of Parliament were able to meet outside parliament, meet under the worst conditions of persecution, and re elect Juan guait, As speaker of the national assembly, in order to be able to update the steering committee in order to continue the fight for our country, Ambassador gaydushek of the Czech Republic said on 5 January, 2. The election of the president of Guam ""was a serious violation of the constitutional functions of democracy and the national assembly. The armed forces were used against President Juan guardier, to prevent him from entering Parliament and from participating in elections. no This is an unprecedented attack on Venezuelan legislation, which represents the will of the Venezuelan people, and Ambassador Stevens, on behalf of the European Union, referred to Luis Parra's election as ""illegal and disrespectful of the legal and democratic principles of the constitution"". ""The European Union continues to strengthen its efforts to support the restoration of democratic and constitutional rights in Venezuela in order to hold fair and free presidential elections, while Ambassador Blumberg expressed support for the restoration of democratic and constitutional rights in Venezuela,"" he added Commissioner Pizarro said that ""the way out of this situation is to let the people vote in free and fair presidential elections to decide who will lead the country."" he thanked the ambassadors of all countries who accompanied the process and efforts of the Venezuelan people. He discussed the possible actions and assistance provided by the international community to solve the situation that is happening in the country. To this end, Pizarro said: ""at this stage, first of all, it is necessary to maintain the sense of urgency and seriousness of what is happening in Venezuela, where time is measured by life, not by hours. Understanding Venezuela's reality is a key factor in containing and correcting it, However, in order to support those who are fighting for change and make the Human Rights Council's efforts meaningful, he added: ""collectively and continuously put pressure on mature Nicholas, not just sanctions, At the same time, under diplomatic and political pressure, Ambassador Maria farani of Brazil also expressed deep regret that ""on Tuesday, Nicolas Maduro's illegal dictatorship did not allow the delegation of the Inter American Commission on human rights to enter Brazil"". He strongly condemned the act: ""this is a clear manifestation of the dictatorship, and we are concerned about the alarming human rights situation. ""It is often easier to deal with the consequences of this political crisis than with complex humanitarian emergencies, refugees and migration flows, but there is one reason: Nicholas Maduro and his regime, if we do not adhere to the goal of addressing the root causes of the problem, can change this crisis. In Venezuela, where we can spend years in these halls, we are going to fall into a vicious circle of no solutions, which we must maintain: finding solutions so that Venezuelans can freely decide their own future ""."|Venezuela, rights, democratic, order, Ambassador, Pizarro, Brazil, national, assembly, political, crisis, human, process, country, constitutional, elections, Venezuelan, people, efforts, support|country,order,elections,efforts,human|commission,nations,farani,medina,health,gaydushek,un,nicolas,parra,maria,republic,de,blumberg,united,miguel,geneva,rights,luis,council,czech,venezuelans,ruiz,union,u,s,stevens,venezuelan,american,association,palais,european,nicholas,pizarro,venezuela,maduro,ambassador,des,juan,states,human,brazil,angel,inter,guam,castro,francelia,julio|1581090180
5e3fa2b2c7d7d06da7396ec7|"Moscow, February 4 - Russian news agency. Autosport.com reported that on February 5, the ""strategy group"" will discuss the fate of the Grand Prix in China, which is threatened by the spread of Colorado virus. According to the calendar, formula one ""2020 season, China Grand Prix will be held on April 17-19. Earlier media reports said organizers of the China Grand Prix had offered to swap dates from September to various stages of the Russian Grand Prix. On Sunday, it was reported that the ""e"" series, originally scheduled for March 21 in Sanya, China, was postponed due to pneumonia. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. The number of coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 2040, with 425 deaths."|China, Grand, Prix, February, Russian, reported, Colorado, virus, pneumonia, 2019, Moscow, agency, Autosport, strategy, group, discuss, fate, threatened, spread, calendar|virus,fate,Russian,pneumonia,agency|world,autosport,wuhan,colorado,chinese,organization,com,sanya,russian,china,health,grand,prix,moscow|1580803800
5e3e6668ff976e92724b6fd4|ANKARA, Jan 29 (Reuters) - Turkey will evacuate 32 citizens and their families from China’s Wuhan, at the epicentre of a new virus outbreak, in the coming days, the country’s ambassador to China said on Wednesday as the death toll rose to 132. The World Health Organization (WHO) has said it is confident in China’s ability to contain the coronavirus, but concerns are mounting as its health authorities said the number of confirmed cases had jumped by 1,459 to 5,974. The United States and Japan flew its citizens out of Wuhan on Wednesday. Speaking to broadcaster NTV, Ambassador Emin Onen said Turkey had made the necessary applications to Chinese officials to evacuate the 32 citizens, adding that none of them had been diagnosed with the virus. “We are in touch with all our citizens,” Onen said. “We will bring them back as soon as possible...with a medical or similarly-equipped plane. There will be certain quarantine conditions when they land in Turkey.” The number of cases in China now exceeds its tally from 2002 and 2003 when 5,327 people were infected with the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) that killed about 800 people around the world. While some experts believe the new strain, known as “2019-nCoV”, is not as deadly as SARS, it has created alarm because it is spreading quickly and key features are still unknown, including its lethality. The government has said there are no known cases of the virus in Turkey and authorities are using thermal cameras at airports and other measures. Turkish Airlines has suspended flights to Wuhan, which has a population of 11 million. (Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Jonathan Spicer)|Turkey, citizens, China, Wuhan, virus, cases, evacuate, 32, Wednesday, authorities, number, Onen, people, SARS, ANKARA, Jan, 29, Reuters, families, epicentre|Turkey,virus,citizens,32,authorities|wuhan,gumrukcu,health,sars,world,united,airlines,japan,emin,jonathan,tuvan,turkey,s,ntv,spicer,ankara,turkish,organization,chinese,china,states,onen|1580285520
5e3d04db588ee0052ab34bf1|"While at the meeting of the Global Forum in Davos President Trump reminded the US economic dominance and success of their policies ""America First,"" a virus in the Chinese city of Wuhan has been enough to remind us that we live in a global world. Our problems are common and the solutions must be coordinated at the global level. The economic consequences are not long in coming. Stock markets with stratospheric valuations have become a volatile phase. Monday January 27 falls caused jitters in all bags. The Dow Jones, Nasdaq and companies whose sales depend on China as Apple, Caterpillar, Nvidia, Micron Technology, Nike and Estee Lauder fell to 3.9%. The shares of iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF's (EEM) 3.5%. In the same way, the tourism-related industries should fall: airlines, hotels, luxury industry or the value of a barrel of oil. Remains to be seen what will happen when they open Chinese markets closed for the New Year festivities. At the macroeconomic level, it should be remembered that China has been and continues to be the largest contributor to global growth world. We are extrapolating what happened during SARS in 2002-2003 and, as then, this new pandemic continues, the prognosis is that the Chinese economy lost 1% of its annual global growth potential slowdowns between 0.25 and 0.35. Although similar episodes in the economy and markets quickly recovered, this time the high valuations mixed with anxiety about a possible recession that experts long ago announced as imminent would have the effect of a chronicle of a death foretold. What other consequences can we expect? The US dollar, safe haven par excellence and, once again predicted would fall, can be recovered as well as gold. By contrast, emerging market currencies may fall, the yuan included, especially those that are traded without barriers such as those in Latin America or Southeast Asia. The video which are more than 50 cranes on the outskirts of Wuhan preparing the ground to build in 10 days, two hospitals with more than 1,000 beds shows the Chinese capacity for large infrastructure projects, as evidenced by the five largest companies in the world construction and engineering of the world are Chinese. The country has not spared the media now available for its great economic power: creation of special committees and hundreds of military doctors are supporting the war against the disease. While more than 30 million Chinese citizens are isolated, the virus reminds us that the world is one, pending information and China's efforts to contain the disease. Hopefully, as for many other global challenges, coordinated action by all governments, civil society and multilateral organizations manage to win the battle. In times of 'trumpismo' a virus gives us a lesson. Lourdes Casanova is professor and director of the Emerging Markets Institute, Cornell S.C. Johnson College of Business, Cornell University. Fellow ""la Caixa"". This article was prepared by Public Agenda for the country."|Chinese, global, world, economic, virus, markets, China, fall, America, Wuhan, coordinated, level, consequences, long, valuations, companies, Emerging, Markets, continues, largest|virus,economic,markets,largest,level|estee,lourdes,wuhan,casanova,micron,agenda,america,fellow,lauder,university,davos,technology,emerging,sars,us,msci,forum,apple,year,s,dow,la,institute,nvidia,business,caixa,of,jones,first,c,global,etf,new,johnson,southeast,latin,caterpillar,public,chinese,china,asia,nasdaq,trump,nike,ishares,college,markets,cornell|1580336675
5e3d0d0b5c164d20448c0a71|"These days we talk about a new pandemic. We did well in recent times by alerts ebola, SARS, MERS, influenza or Zika, to name a few. While the development of these epidemics has been controlled and damage lessened, I there is consensus among epidemiologists and health bodies that the possibility of a pandemic is approaching. Therefore, not as a result of an ancient curse or divine warning, but as a product of biological cycle. Understand where we are and how we are to deal with the issue is important. Amartya Sen in 1981 published the book Poverty and famine: An Essay on the right and deprivation. He showed that the Bengal famine of 1943 was due more to organizational and regulatory problems that food shortages. About a million and a half people were killed both by the slow government response to hoarding as the lack of legal conditions (entitlement) for people to obtain food from the government. Sen's conclusions are important. There may be human or natural phenomena seriously affecting humanity itself. However, in both cases, the responses to them are human. Must be rules, organs and procedures that even in the most extreme cases, determine actuares to prevent, mitigate or remedy the many evils may or reached. In times when a pandemic warnings appear, we must ask for the condition with our legal regulations. About who should do what, when and where, how and with what means regulatory enforcement capabilities with respect to a population that is expected to be in a position of despair, if not frank and understandable rebellion. A respect, Lorena Aguilar Von warns in his book Law and pandemics (Tirant-Colegio Nacional, 2019), several serious problems in our legal framework: lack of definitions to give proper treatment to health emergencies; scattering powers in various jurisdictions; absences and overlapping of responsibilities between authorities and the lack of a general and comprehensive care protocol and combat pandemics. Of course, the legal standards are not sufficient condition to resolve a situation of this nature, but I'm sure if they are a necessary condition. Suppose, without drama, in a country that a pandemic is updated. Immediately they are taken many, clear and sufficient measures. Do I close airports, ports and borders ?, ordering quarantines and evacuations ?, ration vaccines, drugs or food ?, prohibit transfers, vigils and / or burial ?, sacrifice animals? Or destroy products? To be effective, we need to know, accurately and without doubt, who can order the upgrade of such serious actions. For example, the content of Article 73, fracc. XVI, 1st, 2nd and 3rd of the Mexican Constitution, where the powers of the health authorities are to address these cases. Furthermore, Article 29 allows the suspension of rights and granting the president extraordinary powers to legislate. That event alone will not remedy the problem. It would be mere formal assignment that must be completed with a huge amount of regulations, precisely those that respond to the questions just raised. just over a hundred years ago, the world faced a pandemic. For curious and wrong, reasons was called the ""Spanish flu"". It caused more deaths than war culminating. The media were scarce and slow; today they are not. The methods of detection and diagnosis, they were too; are today best. It would be a very serious procedure, a huge irresponsibility that knowing what we know and still waiting for a possible catastrophe, nothing is done to prevent it and to eventually alleviate it. Beyond political positions, animosities or sympathy, it is necessary to act our authorities. Failure to do so, how could they expect to remain so? You can follow COUNTRY opinion on Facebook, Twitter or subscribe to the Newsletter here."|pandemic, legal, health, food, lack, cases, condition, powers, authorities, important, Sen, book, famine, regulatory, problems, people, slow, government, human, prevent|legal,health,famine,condition,authorities|zika,amartya,i,m,aguilar,mexican,bengal,newsletter,lorena,spanish,von,sen|1580866053
5e3fa5187789d687c1b756d5|"Tass, February 7. The first new case of 2019 ncov infection was found in North Korea. This is reported by the South Korean newspaper Chongqing daily citing Pyongyang. ""The North Korean authorities conducted a period of inspection and Quarantine of all foreigners against the background of the proliferation of coronal airlines,"" the source said. During these activities, residents of Pyongyang found symptoms of the disease. Since then, the North Korean authorities have confirmed that it owns [corona velos]. According to the source, a woman recently visited China. So far, all people associated with her have been quarantined and there is no data on other cases of infection. However, the source states that she does not know when the woman was infected and that the authorities confirmed her diagnosis."|North, Korean, authorities, source, infection, found, Pyongyang, confirmed, woman, Tass, February, case, 2019, ncov, Korea, reported, South, newspaper, Chongqing, daily|woman,Korean,found,authorities,Tass|pyongyang,tass,korean,chongqing,china,north,south,korea|1581085087
5e3e9ad476c6e08a821bd132|"The first human to human transmission of Wuhan virus in Europe in Germany has been infected by a Chinese colleague, AFP reported today. German officials said today that Germany's first confirmed case of pneumonia in Wuhan was infected by a Chinese colleague who visited Germany last week. This is believed to be the first human to human case in Europe. Andreas Zapf, head of Bavaria's health and food safety department, said at a press conference that the Chinese female employee from Shanghai ""began to feel ill on the return flight on January 23."". The 33 year old German man and the female colleague attended a meeting in Bavaria Monday and were diagnosed last night. Unlike other patients, the German confirmed case has not been to China recently, AFP said. Zafi said the patients were in ""good condition"" after being quarantined. The news did not provide details on whether other participants in the meeting threatened to be infected."|human, Germany, infected, Chinese, colleague, German, case, Wuhan, Europe, AFP, confirmed, Bavaria, female, meeting, patients, transmission, virus, reported, officials, pneumonia|virus,infected,colleague,human,patients|germany,wuhan,bavaria,german,chinese,china,andreas,zafi,shanghai,zapf,afp,europe,s|1580226240
5e3e680eff976e92724b7100|(Adds details from statement by prime minister’s office) By Joseph Sipalan KUALA LUMPUR, Jan 27 (Reuters) - Malaysia imposed a temporary ban on Chinese nationals arriving from the city of Wuhan and surrounding Hubei province on Monday to stem the spread of the coronavirus outbreak. The government decided to impose the temporary ban with immediate effect following the rising death toll in China, which reached 81 on Monday, according to a statement issued by the prime minister’s office. Malaysia has reported four confirmed cases of the virus, which can cause pneumonia. It is still unclear how dangerous it is and how easily it spreads between people. Wuhan is the capital of Hubei. The ban would be lifted once the situation returns to normal, the statement read. (Reporting by Joseph Sipalan; Editing by Catherine Evans and Nick Macfie)|statement, ban, prime, minister, office, Joseph, Sipalan, Malaysia, temporary, Wuhan, Hubei, Monday, Adds, details, KUALA, LUMPUR, Jan, 27, Reuters, imposed|prime,office,Joseph,details,27|sipalan,nick,wuhan,chinese,hubei,china,malaysia,evans,joseph,catherine,macfie|1580115780
5e3e654aa6201cadba7c80ea|"China's new confirmed infections from the coronavirus outbreak increased by a daily record, up by 2,590 cases on Saturday to top 14,000, as the quickly growing epidemic prompted global travel restrictions and evacuations. The death toll from the coronavirus outbreak in China had reached 304 as of the end of Saturday, state broadcaster CCTV said on Sunday, citing the country's National Health Commission. All the new deaths and most of the new infections on Saturday were in central Hubei province, the epicentre of the flu-like coronavirus outbreak. China is facing mounting isolation as other countries introduce travel curbs, airlines suspend flights, and governments evacuate their citizens, risking worsening a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy. Around two dozen other countries and regions have reported more than 130 cases, none of which have been fatal yet. Most of them have been in people who had recently travelled to or were visiting from Hubei. The World Health Organization this week declared the outbreak a public health emergency of international concern, but said global trade and travel restrictions are not needed. However, some countries are responding to fears of the virus spreading by ramping up border controls. Singapore and the United States announced measures on Friday to ban foreign nationals who have recently been in China from entering their territories, and Australia followed suit on Saturday. Russia introduced visa restrictions and will start evacuating Russian citizens on Monday and Tuesday, Interfax and TASS news agencies reported. More than 100 Germans and family members landed in Frankfurt on Saturday after being evacuated from Wuhan. Around 250 Indonesians were being evacuated from Hubei. U.S . health officials on Saturday confirmed an eighth case of the coronavirus in the United States, and the Pentagon said it would provide housing for people arriving from overseas who might need to be quarantined. The country has introduced mandatory quarantine for citizens arriving from Hubei. In Mexico, ride-hailing application Uber Technologies Inc said on Saturday that it suspended 240 accounts of users in Mexico who may recently have come in contact with someone possibly infected with the virus. There are no confirmed cases in Mexico yet. PROVINCE IN LOCKDOWN The number of deaths in Hubei from the outbreak had risen to 294 as of the end of Feb. 1, with a total 9,074 cases, the majority in the capital Wuhan, where the virus is thought to have emerged late last year in a market illegally trading wildlife. New confirmed cases also surged by 276 in nearby Huanggang. One death was reported in the city, about 60 km (37 miles) east of Wuhan. Hubei has been under virtual quarantine for the last week, with roads sealed off and public transport shut down. The province extended its Lunar New Year holiday break to Feb. 13 in a bid to contain the outbreak. But the province is not totally sealed. People are leaving Hubei on foot over a bridge spanning the Yangtze river, entering Jiujiang city in neighbouring Jiangxi province. Lu Yuejin, a 50-year-old farmer from a village on the Hubei side of the bridge, was trying to gain passage for her leukaemia-stricken daughter on Saturday. ""Please, take my daughter. I don't need to go past... please, just let my daughter go past,"" Lu pleaded with the police. Her cries for help were almost drowned out by a loudspeaker playing a pre-recorded message that residents would not be allowed past to Jiujiang. Eventually, Lu and her daughter were both allowed through and an ambulance was called to pick them up."|Saturday, Hubei, outbreak, cases, China, confirmed, coronavirus, province, daughter, travel, restrictions, countries, citizens, reported, recently, virus, Wuhan, Mexico, Lu, past|province,citizens,virus,recently,travel|commission,mexico,wuhan,lu,russian,health,frankfurt,jiangxi,australia,world,singapore,united,tass,hubei,year,indonesians,germans,u,s,pentagon,russia,uber,lunar,cctv,new,inc,jiujiang,technologies,huanggang,saturday,organization,interfax,china,states,yuejin,national,yangtze|1580614800
5e3fa7167789d687c1b75793|"Tass, February 4. China's Anti Doping Agency has temporarily suspended its activities due to the outbreak of pneumonia in China. AFP refers to international testing agency) ITA report. ""In this case, care should be taken so as not to endanger athletes and officials of the control bodies. While we recognize the importance of Anti Doping measures, the priority is human health. Once things get better, chinada will return to work, ""ITA said. At present, ITA is looking for private partners in China to conduct anti doping tests. Chinese authorities recorded pneumonia caused by Colorado 2019 ncov in Wuhan at the end of December 2019. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 20000. Death, 426. Outside China, another death occurred in the Philippines. Due to the spread of the virus, the Chinese government suspended all sports competitions nationwide by April."|China, ITA, Anti, Doping, suspended, outbreak, pneumonia, international, Chinese, 2019, Tass, February, Agency, temporarily, activities, due, AFP, refers, testing, agency|Doping,Chinese,Tass,pneumonia,international|russia,world,philippines,wuhan,tass,colorado,chinese,organization,china,death,doping,health,anti,ita,agency,afp,s|1580835183
5e3f9ee2c7d7d06da7396de1|Moscow, February 6 - Russian news agency. The Organizing Committee of the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympic Games announced the establishment of a working group to coordinate efforts to stop the spread of coronal disease. Reuters quoted Toshiro Muto, executive director of the organizing committee. ICTY chaired the working group, which held its first meeting on 4 February. The ICTY has previously reported that it is concerned about the spread of the Colorado virus with about six months to go before the competition. At the end of January, Olympic organizers announced that they had not discussed the possibility of cancelling the competition because of the coronation water. Prior to that, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) reported that its Committee would take action against the Colorado virus. The Tokyo Olympic Games will be held from July 24 to August 9. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 28000 infections in China, 563 of which have died.|Olympic, Committee, reported, Colorado, virus, February, Tokyo, Games, announced, working, group, spread, ICTY, held, competition, Moscow, Russian, agency, Organizing, 2020|virus,Committee,announced,competition,Russian|summer,games,wuhan,colorado,committee,chinese,hubei,russian,icty,organizing,toshiro,olympic,ioc,reuters,muto,china,international,moscow,tokyo|1580992080
5e3f9e66c7d7d06da7396dba|"Moscow, Russian news agency February 7. According to the hospital, Chinese doctor Li Wenliang was one of the first doctors to try to warn Russia of the outbreak of the new coronavirus, which was related to the death of the disease. The doctor is there for treatment. Previously, the Global Times reported the death of Li Wenliang, but later denied the news, pointing out that he was undergoing intensive treatment. According to the social network statement of Wuhan Central Hospital Dr. Li Wenliang of Wuhan Central Hospital wrote to colleagues of wechat social network on December 30, saying that seven SARS cases have been confirmed in the Huang'an sea seafood market. "" He didn't know that a new corona card belonged to another kind. Li's post spread all over China's social networks and immediately became a virus, because people were increasingly afraid of the return of SARS. The next day, Li and seven other doctors reported the incident on social networks. They called Wuhan police. They were warned and told not to make false statements online in the future that could seriously disrupt public order. Li wrote in his official account at the Weibo service, where he coughed and had a fever on January 11. About In his latest report, published on Saturday, doctors said he confirmed the infection. Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) was first registered in Guangdong Province, China in November 2002, The most recent case of SARS was reported in June 2003. According to who, there were more than 840 SARS cases and 813 deaths in 30 countries around the world during the epidemic. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. In China, more than 28000 people have been infected, 563 of whom have died."|Li, SARS, reported, social, Wuhan, Wenliang, doctors, China, Chinese, doctor, outbreak, death, treatment, network, Central, Hospital, wrote, December, 30, cases|death,Wenliang,doctors,reported,30|wuhan,russian,guangdong,sars,an,huang,wenliang,li,hubei,weibo,s,times,russia,hospital,colorado,global,moscow,central,saturday,chinese,china,province|1581022500
5e40ce85c0fe4e1400def425|"Berlin/Cologne (dpa/tmn) Germany has the first case of the Coronavirus. There is no reason to panic, says Oliver Witzke, director of the Infectiology Clinic and the West German Center for Infectiology of University Medicine Essen. ""It was to be expected that we had individual cases in Germany. In this respect, it is pointless to worry about it."" And yet there is some uncertainty-- am I at risk, do I have to protect myself? Overview of the main questions and answers: How dangerous is the virus? Many medical facts about the new Coronavirus are still unclear: the rate of infection, for example, including aggression. The latter seems to be lower than for example in the Sars epidemic 2002/2003. ""We are talking about a case in Germany that has been quickly identified,"" says Witzke. This is in no way in relation to the flu that is currently raging. ""At which, every year, around 20.000 people die alone in Germany."" Do I have to protect myself from infection? No, and yes. Because even if there is no reason to be afraid of the Coronavirus in Germany, it makes sense to protect yourself from infectious diseases, especially in view of the current flu wave. Witzke therefore also recommends a flu control. It doesn't just protect you from the flu. This cannot be confused with lung disease. How do I best protect myself? The best remedy for infectious respiratory diseases, whether flu, coronary virus or cold, is hygiene. So much washing of hands, little shaking of hands, and careful sneezing and coughing. ""If you can't suppress it, sneeze in your sleeves or elbows to protect the environment,"" jokes say. A respiratory mask is not a suitable protection measure for uninfected people. ""Running away now and buying them would be a senseless panic reaction "" Where can I find more information? The Robert Koch Institute and the Federal Centre for Health Education have published websites with answers to the most important questions. For telephone enquiries, the health insurance company Barmer has set up a free hotline (0800 84 84 111) to answer questions from all federal citizens around the clock, not just those of its own customers. When do I see a doctor? Important to know: a snoring is not an alarm sign for a possible infection with the Coronavirus. Typical symptoms are dry cough, fever, fatigue, even shortness of breath. It is also clear that those who are ill should see a doctor. But you shouldn't overdo it. ""In situations like this, there is a danger that people who have nothing will suddenly be in the emergency room,"" Witzke says. This jeopardises the emergency system. ""If you are worried about being infected with the Coronavirus for any reason, the emergency room is not the right point of contact, but the local health department."""|protect, Germany, Coronavirus, flu, Witzke, reason, questions, infection, people, emergency, case, panic, Infectiology, answers, virus, infectious, diseases, respiratory, hands, health|health,flu,questions,Infectiology,reason|infectiology,koch,university,health,medicine,cologne,sars,barmer,germany,berlin,coronavirus,west,robert,federal,for,institute,education,of,centre,witzke,clinic,center,dpa,german,essen,oliver,tmn|1580166000
5e3fa89d7789d687c1b75842|"Beijing, January 31. /tass/ Chinese authorities provided food for about nine days in the closed city of Wuhan, where pneumonia caused by the 2019 ncov virus broke out. China's Ministry of Commerce pointed out this in a statement Friday. According to his data, in such a period of time, residents will have enough important food, such as pork and chicken. In terms of rice and vegetable oil, the supplier delivered a standard of 10 days to the city warehouse. Overall, 1100 people participated in the continuous food supply guarantee activities. Russian federation As stressed in the statement, prices in the city remain basically stable. "" All the big trading companies are increasing their supply. Finally, the circulation of goods has quadrupled in the past few days. In the past, in some stores, consumers bought everything and left empty shelves, and now things are obviously better. """|food, days, city, statement, supply, past, Beijing, January, 31, tass, Chinese, authorities, provided, closed, Wuhan, pneumonia, caused, 2019, ncov, virus|virus,ncov,days,authorities,pneumonia|wuhan,commerce,chinese,china,russian,of,ministry,beijing,s|1580498390
5e3fbf855e40789c25090a80|24 January, Minsk / Korr Bleaching powder There are 900 cases of pneumonia caused by 2019-nCov new coronavirus in China. Thirty six people have been confirmed in Beijing, the Tass News Agency reported, citing the Wanli information portal, which monitors the spread of the virus 24 hours a day. To date, 26 people have died of the disease. At present, with the exception of Tibet Autonomous Region, disease cases have been diagnosed in all regions of the country. In order to control its spread, 13 cities in China suspended transportation. The highest response level announced by Beijing) has a population of about 22 million, more than 24 million residents in Shanghai, and about 59 million residents in Hubei Province. It's Wuhan. There's a new type of pneumonia. However, Sina information portal reported that Shanghai has cured the first person suffering from coronavirus 2019 ncov. This is a 56 year old patient named Chen. Her temperature remained within the normal range for six days, and today's coronavirus test was negative. It is reported that a woman lived in Wuhan for a long time. On the evening of January 10, she began to have a fever, went to the local hospital, and was soon sent to Shanghai hospital.|24, coronavirus, reported, million, Shanghai, January, cases, pneumonia, 2019, China, people, Beijing, information, portal, spread, disease, residents, Wuhan, hospital, Minsk|pneumonia,disease,Shanghai,Beijing,information|tibet,wanli,wuhan,tass,hubei,news,it,autonomous,china,minsk,region,shanghai,agency,beijing,s,sina|1579883520
5e3fa87c7789d687c1b75833|"Moscow, 31 January. /tass/ In the post Baikal border area and the Qiuming area, two relatives have been confirmed to have had Colorado virus cases in Russia) and have been taken to hospital. The information service of the Russian Consumer Protection Bureau informed reporters of this situation. The source also points out that from the first day of his stay in Russia, the patient was placed in the boxing section of the infectious diseases hospital. In addition, it was noted that ""all other possible contacts are subject to medical supervision"". On Friday, Tatyana Golikov, Deputy Prime Minister and chief of staff for the prevention of the acquisition and spread of new coronavirus in Russian territory, announced There are two confirmed cases of coronavirus infection. In both cases, they are Chinese citizens. ""From the first day of residence in the Russian Federation, patients have been placed in the boxing section of infectious diseases hospitals, and close contacts have also been sent to hospitals. All other potential contacts are under medical supervision, such as information from the consumer protection agency of the Russian Federation. Anna popova, director of Russia's consumer rights and interests protection agency, pointed out that two patients diagnosed with coronavirus were in light condition and had no serious clinical symptoms. About On December 31, 2019, China informed the World Health Organization (who) of a new type of coronal disease in Wuhan, a large industrial and commercial center. The population is over 11 million. On January 7, the pathogen of 2019 ncov virus was found. In addition to China, the disease has also been found in 21 countries, including Russia. Who acknowledged that there was an international emergency in China. At present, the total number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 900 and more than 200 people have died."|Russia, Russian, coronavirus, China, cases, contacts, 31, January, area, confirmed, virus, hospital, information, informed, day, boxing, section, infectious, diseases, addition|virus,day,Russian,area,boxing|wuhan,qiuming,popova,russian,bureau,consumer,anna,health,golikov,world,s,russia,colorado,moscow,baikal,tatyana,federation,protection,chinese,organization,china|1580501012
5e3fa698c7d7d06da7396f2c|"Novosibirsk, February 3 - Russian news agency. According to the Russian immigration service, Colorado virus tests conducted on four Chinese visitors in Tomsk showed that the results were negative. It was previously reported that in the past two weeks, four people returned from China to Tomsk, including three Chinese citizens) and one woman, There is a sign of acute respiratory infection in the hospital. ""The patient is in infection ward 3 of Tomsk city hospital. They have a new coronavirus infection that turns out to be negative. At present, the condition of all patients is satisfactory, ""said Sergei dmitrieva, deputy director of the Ministry of health of Tomsk Region, in a report. He added that the patient showed signs of acute respiratory infection and a slight increase in temperature, However, it was decided to put them under the supervision of the medical staff before they fully recovered. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 17200 people were infected with coronavirus in China, and 361 died. Nearly 150 people are ill outside China, one of them dead About Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|Tomsk, China, infection, Chinese, people, Russian, Colorado, virus, showed, negative, acute, respiratory, hospital, patient, coronavirus, 2019, Novosibirsk, February, agency, immigration|virus,Russian,immigration,respiratory,patient|world,wuhan,colorado,sergei,chinese,organization,russian,novosibirsk,tomsk,china,dmitrieva,of,health,region,ministry|1580724780
5e4155d8cae8370994363d99|China sent almost six.000 doctors from all over the country to Hubei Province to reinforce the fight against the new coronavirus outbreak, a health authority said this Tuesday. A total of four.130 doctors, integrated into thirty teams, have already arrived and started work, said Jiao Yahui, a head of the National Health Commission, during a Beijing press conference, adding that more 1.800 will arrive by the end of today. The first teams were dispatched from Shanghai City and Guangdong Province on Friday.|doctors, Province, teams, China, six.000, country, Hubei, reinforce, fight, coronavirus, outbreak, health, authority, Tuesday, total, four.130, integrated, thirty, arrived, started|country,health,arrived,four.130,teams|commission,jiao,hubei,china,city,guangdong,health,national,shanghai,beijing,yahui|1580195940
5e3e6547a6201cadba7c80d3|"The West Bengal Health Department on Sunday traced eight passengers who had travelled in the same flight as that of the coronavirus-affected Kerala resident and landed at the airport here on January 23, a senior official said. These passengers were seated in the two rows in front and behind the Kerala resident's seat, he said. While two passengers, who had landed at the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport on January 23, were identified as residents of Asansol and Odisha, details of the other six were also traced on Sunday, West Bengal Director of Health Services Ajay Kumar Chakraborty said. Three passengers of that flight, who were sitting either in the front or the back four seats of the coronavirus affected-Kerala man, were identified as Chinese nationals, he said. One of the passengers was from New Delhi, while two others were from West Bengal, he added. ""All eight persons have been identified. The three Chinese have returned to their country and the Delhi resident has also gone back home,"" Chakraborty told PTI. The two from West Bengal have been advised to follow instructions of the state health department, another official said. ""Blood specimens have been collected and sent for tests and they (passengers) have been sent to stay in isolation in their respective homes. We are in touch with them,"" he said. The first confirmed case of coronavirus was reported from Kerala on January 30 when a student studying in Wuhan University returned home. The student, who had returned to Kerala from Wuhan via Kolkata, went to the Thrissur General Hospital with possible symptoms of novel coronavirus and was quickly quarantined. A second case was reported from Kerala on Sunday as a person with a travel history to China tested positive for coronavirus."|passengers, Kerala, coronavirus, West, Bengal, Sunday, resident, January, identified, returned, Health, traced, flight, affected, landed, 23, official, front, Chakraborty, back|passengers,identified,Bengal,resident,affected|airport,wuhan,delhi,chakraborty,affected,bengal,department,university,health,thrissur,odisha,kolkata,kerala,west,subhas,general,ajay,international,netaji,hospital,pti,kumar,chandra,new,services,chinese,china,asansol,bose|1580682120
5e3e6779ff976e92724b70bd|SAN ANTONIO, Texas/CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue said on Wednesday that the United States would have to be tolerant if the fast-spreading coronavirus impaired China’s ability to increase purchases of American farm products under the countries’ recently signed trade deal. China, in the initial deal signed Jan. 15, promised to buy at least an additional $12.5 billion worth of U.S. farm products in 2020 and at least $19.5 billion in 2021 over the 2017 level of $24 billion. Commodity traders and agricultural economists have questioned whether Beijing will follow through on pledges in the deal to buy $36.5 billion of U.S. agricultural goods in 2020, now that the new coronavirus is threatening China’s economic growth. “If they’re really trying and it really just blows the economy out of the water, then we would have to be understanding of that,” Perdue said, speaking to reporters at a cattle convention in Texas. Perdue noted he is not part of the government team tasked with enforcing the terms of the deal. He did not say how the United States would need to adjust its expectations. The United States wants China to live up to its pledges, Perdue said, but trade negotiators could not have anticipated the outbreak. “There are force majeure type of things ... that I think you have to be sensitive to,” Perdue said. The deal text contains a disaster clause, yet to be formally invoked by Beijing, to allow for delays: “In the event that a natural disaster or other unforeseeable event outside the control of the Parties delays a Party from timely complying with its obligations under this Agreement, the Parties shall consult with each other.” China has reported that more than 500 people have died in the outbreak, most in and around the locked-down central city of Wuhan, where the new virus emerged late last year . China’s ability to meet its purchase target was in doubt even before coronavirus outbreak, because rival soybean supplier Brazil is harvesting a massive crop, and a deadly pig disease is reducing Chinese demand for soy used to feed livestock. “If you will, the coronavirus has given China a get-out-of-jail card on their obligations,” said Bill Lapp, economist and president of Nebraska-based Advanced Economic Solutions. White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said on Tuesday the epidemic would delay a surge in U.S. exports to China expected from the trade deal.|China, deal, Perdue, coronavirus, billion, United, States, trade, outbreak, Texas, ability, farm, products, signed, buy, 2020, agricultural, Beijing, pledges, economic|economic,buy,Beijing,farm,signed|texas,wuhan,kudlow,nebraska,agreement,economic,white,beijing,united,bill,party,solutions,parties,lapp,house,u,s,larry,american,san,sonny,antonio,based,perdue,chinese,china,states,brazil,advanced|1580907420
5e3e6449c1ed9bdff74a3c9b|The novel coronavirus fear has now spread to the start-up ecosystem in India. Around half a dozen Chinese venture capital (VC) firms with active presence in India have postponed their trips to the subcontinent. “There is a complete lockdown for these VCs till February 11. They have been asked not to travel out of China,” said a start-up founder who works closely with Chinese investors. This could lead to delay in the funding process, said industry insiders. Some of the top Chinese investors who have been frequently investing in India are CDH Investments, BAce, Qiming, Morningside, Hillhouse, GGV, and Shunwei. They have invested in over two dozen start-ups, including unicorns such as business-to-business e-commerce platform Udaan and food delivery platforms, Zomato and Swiggy. In fact, Beijing-headquartered CDH Investments, which has Cashify and XpressBees as some of its portfolio companies, had committed to deploy up to 90 per cent of its $200-million emerging markets fund in India starting March this year. The fund has set eyes on early-stage investments in consumer internet and fintech segments, according to reports. E-commerce giant Alibaba, along with its affiliate Ant Financial, has been the most successful Chinese investor in India, with investments in successful start-ups such as Paytm, Zomato, and Bigbasket. Ant Financial-backed BAce Capital is also planning to invest around $90 million in early-stage companies in India. Xiaomi’s investment unit Shunwei Capital has also made big bets in India, especially on vernacular platforms such as ShareChat, Pratilipi, and Vokal.|India, start, Chinese, dozen, investors, CDH, Investments, BAce, Shunwei, ups, business, commerce, platforms, Zomato, companies, 90, million, fund, early, stage|start,Zomato,fund,platforms,Investments|qiming,investments,udaan,ggv,beijing,india,swiggy,paytm,zomato,xiaomi,headquartered,capital,vokal,s,cashify,hillhouse,pratilipi,ant,cdh,morningside,financial,bace,bigbasket,alibaba,xpressbees,shunwei,chinese,china,sharechat|1580464800
5e3e9adb912ccc5870853881|"China imposed a lockdown on Sunday on a major city far from the epicentre of the coronavirus epidemic, as its death toll from the disease soared to 304 and the first fatality outside the country was reported in the Philippines. The man who died was a 44-year-old from Wuhan who appeared to have been infected before arriving in the Philippines, according to the World Health Organisation. He is believed to have travelled to the Philippines from Wuhan where the virus was first detected, via Hong Kong and everyone who was on a plane with him is being tracked down for a possible quarantine China has embarked on unprecedented efforts to contain the virus, which is believed to have jumped to humans from a Wuhan animal market and can be transmitted among people in a similar fashion to the flu. China’s reaction The lockdown following the death reported in the Philippines adds to deepening concern about the potential for the virus to spread, as governments around the world closed their borders to people from China. Struggling to contain the virus, authorities took action in the eastern city of Wenzhou on Sunday, closing roads and confining people to their homes. Since emerging out of Wuhan late last year, the coronavirus has infected nearly 14 500 people across China and reached 24 countries. MUST READ | Fake news alert: Coronavirus will not invade your body within 10 minutes if you do not quench your thirst In Thailand, which has 19 confirmed cases, doctors said an elderly Chinese patient treated with a cocktail of flu and HIV drugs had shown a dramatic improvement and tested negative for the virus 48 hours later. Most of the infections overseas have been in people who had travelled from Wuhan, an industrial hub of 11 million people, or surrounding areas of Hubei province . Lockdowns Extraordinary quarantine measures in Wuhan and surrounding cities were implemented, with all transport out banned, effectively sealing-off more than 50 million people. But 10 days after locking down Wuhan, authorities imposed similar draconian measures on Wenzhou, a coastal city of nine million people in Zhejiang province, part of the eastern industrial heartland that has powered China's economic rise over recent decades. Only one resident per household is allowed to go out every two days to buy necessities, and 46 highway toll stations have been closed, authorities announced. The city had previously closed public places such as cinemas and museums and suspended public transport. Zhejiang has 661 confirmed infections, with 265 of those in Wenzhou, according to the government.   This is the highest tally for any province in China after ground-zero Hubei. Internationally, the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Israel have banned foreign nationals from visiting if they have been in China recently, and they have also warned their own citizens against travelling there. Mongolia, Russia and Nepal have closed their land borders. The number of countries reporting infections rose to 24 after Britain, Russia and Sweden confirmed their first cases this weekend. The death toll in China climbed to 304 on Sunday after authorities reported 45 new deaths. There were 2 590 new confirmed cases in China, bringing the total to nearly 14 500. The number of confirmed infections in China is far higher than the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) outbreak of 2002-03. SARS, caused by a pathogen similar to the new coronavirus and also originated in China, killed 774 people worldwide - most of them in mainland China and Hong Kong . READ: China just completed work on the emergency hospital it set up to tackle the Wuhan coronavirus, and it took just 8 days to do it With hospitals in Wuhan overwhelmed, China will Monday open a military-led field hospital that was built in just 10 days to treat people stricken by the virus. And with the Chinese economy suffering, the central bank announced it would release 1.2 trillion yuan ($173bn) Monday to maintain liquidity in the banking system - the day markets re-open after the long holiday break. Holiday ending The emergence of the virus coincided with the Lunar New Year, when hundreds of millions travel across the country in planes, trains and buses for family reunions. The holiday, which was scheduled to end on Friday, was extended by three days to give authorities more time to try to deal with the crisis. With many due back at work on Monday, people were starting to return on planes and trains over the weekend, with almost everyone wearing face masks.  Custom authorities had ordered temperature checks at all exit-entry points in Beijing, according to state media. Returning travellers were being checked and registered at residential compounds, while fever checks were in place in subway stations, offices and cafes. Returning travellers had a lot of emotions to share as they were being checked and registered at residential compounds: One 22-year-old arriving at a Beijing train station from north-eastern China said her family had urged her to delay her return. ""But I was worried it would affect my job,"" she said. Security guard Du Guiliang, 47, said he would be starting back at work in Beijing on Sunday, after returning from northeast Liaoning province. ""Many colleagues (from Hubei) couldn't come back. Now, those who work the day shift at our company have to do the night shift as well,"" he said. Many businesses were to remain closed for at least another week, however, while some major cities - including Shanghai - had also extended the holiday . ""(My family) said I need to go home,"" said 22-year-old South African student Jamie Bosch as she waited for a flight out of Beijing. Many foreigners, meanwhile, have started to leave China to wait things out abroad."|China, people, Wuhan, virus, authorities, closed, confirmed, days, Sunday, city, coronavirus, Philippines, year, infections, province, work, Beijing, death, toll, reported|province,virus,death,authorities,days|zhejiang,philippines,wuhan,thailand,led,nepal,health,hiv,wenzhou,australia,beijing,world,united,hubei,jamie,year,african,internationally,liaoning,s,guiliang,kong,russia,lunar,military,britain,israel,mongolia,new,south,hong,bosch,chinese,china,organisation,states,du,read,sweden,shanghai,zealand|1580681100
5e3fa5577789d687c1b756ec|Tokyo, February 8. /tass/ A Japanese citizen died in Wuhan, China, where he was taken to hospital for treatment. This is Saturday, Kyodo News Agency reported. According to the Ministry of foreign affairs of Japan, a man was hospitalized in Wuhan on suspicion of pneumonia due to the new virus 2019 ncov. This is the first Japanese citizen to die of Colorado virus. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, this has also been found in 24 countries, including Russia. Who recognizes the outbreak as an international emergency and describes it as an epidemic with many places. According to the latest data, there are more than 34500 new infections, more than 700 deaths and more than 2000 recoveries in China.|Wuhan, China, virus, 2019, Japanese, citizen, pneumonia, ncov, outbreak, Tokyo, February, tass, died, hospital, treatment, Saturday, Kyodo, Agency, reported, Ministry|virus,ncov,Kyodo,pneumonia,Tokyo|russia,wuhan,colorado,saturday,chinese,news,kyodo,foreign,china,affairs,japan,of,japanese,ministry,agency,tokyo|1581155527
5e3f9da3c7d7d06da7396d84|Moscow, Russian news agency February 7. According to cgtn, 91 year old Chinese became the oldest person to be treated for coronavirus. According to television reports, on January 19, men developed early symptoms of the coronavirus, a diagnosis that doctors quickly confirmed. According to reports, the man was treated at Yichang hospital in Hubei Province. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 31100 people are infected in China, 636 of whom have died. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency.|Chinese, treated, coronavirus, reports, 2019, China, Moscow, Russian, agency, February, cgtn, 91, year, oldest, person, television, January, 19, men, developed|91,Russian,oldest,agency,Moscow|world,wuhan,colorado,chinese,hubei,organization,russian,china,health,yichang,moscow|1581074880
5e3e6887ff976e92724b7140|SINGAPORE, Jan 22 (Reuters) - Singapore authorities on Wednesday started screening all passengers arriving on flights from China as the city-state stepped up measures to combat transmission of the fast-spreading flu-like coronavirus. Singapore, a global travel hub, this month started screening passengers arriving from the Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the outbreak. The virus which can pass between humans has since spread to other Chinese cities as well as the United States, Thailand, South Korea, Japan and Taiwan. It has claimed nine lives in China where officials say there are 440 confirmed cases. “In view of the confirmation of human-to-human transmission by the Chinese authorities, MOH will put in place additional precautionary measures to reduce the risk of importation of the virus to Singapore,” Singapore’s health ministry (MOH) said in a statement late on Tuesday. It said it would treat anyone with pneumonia and a recent travel history to China or those with acute respiratory infections that had recently sought treatment in China as suspect cases and isolate them in hospital. The new measures come as throngs of people around the region prepare to travel for the Lunar New Year holidays starting this week. To date, there have been no confirmed cases in Singapore of the virus, which has stoked fears of a pandemic similar to the 2003 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) that started in China and killed nearly 800 people. (Reporting by John Geddie Editing by Robert Birsel)|Singapore, China, started, measures, travel, Chinese, virus, cases, authorities, screening, passengers, arriving, city, transmission, outbreak, confirmed, human, MOH, people, SINGAPORE|virus,authorities,human,cases,confirmed|taiwan,thailand,wuhan,moh,birsel,sars,singapore,united,robert,japan,year,geddie,s,lunar,new,south,korea,john,chinese,china,states|1579674300
5e3fa92d7789d687c1b75881|"Seoul, 30 January. /tass/ The Consular Department of the Russian Embassy in the Republic of Korea calls on our compatriots to strengthen personal safety measures against pneumonia, Caused by a new coronavirus. That's in a letter on Facebook's Russian diplomatic mission website on Thursday. In view of the orange ""2019-ncov corona proliferation risk level"" implemented by the authorities of the Republic of Korea on January 27, it is recommended that Russian citizens in Russia strengthen measures ""Personal safety,"" the report states. Russian citizens call for avoiding crowded places and using medical masks when visiting shopping malls, shops, markets and other public places, Pay more attention to personal hygiene when traveling in urban traffic. If there are any signs of infection, Russians strongly recommend contacting the Korean centers for Disease Control and prevention for treatment. Medical assistance. As of January 30, 2020, six cases of pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus have been confirmed in South Korea. Another 40 are under medical supervision. According to the Russian Embassy, there are no Russians among them."|Russian, January, Korea, 30, Embassy, Republic, strengthen, personal, safety, measures, pneumonia, 2019, ncov, citizens, places, medical, Russians, Seoul, tass, Consular|citizens,ncov,Russian,strengthen,pneumonia|republic,russia,personal,russians,disease,embassy,korean,that,russian,department,seoul,of,control,south,korea,consular,s,facebook|1580392351
5e41550fcae8370994363c8e|The number of coronavirus deaths increased this Sunday to 904, revealed a new balance at the end of this Sunday night. Yesterday the number of victims exceeded the SARS deaths for the first time in 2002-200. According to official data, over 37 thousand cases were already checked. On Saturday, the Chinese National Health Commission had announced 722 dead from the new coronavirus outbreak. In addition to the mainland of China and the Chinese regions of Macao and Hong Kong, there are other cases of infection confirmed in more than twenty countries. The World Health Organisation declared an international public health emergency in January. This presupposes the adoption of worldwide prevention and coordination measures. Infected persons may transmit the disease during the incubation period, which varies from one day to two weeks, without the virus being detected. There are no cases of people infected with coronavirus in Portugal.|coronavirus, cases, number, deaths, Sunday, Chinese, Health, increased, 904, revealed, balance, end, night, victims, exceeded, SARS, time, 2002, 200, official|revealed,end,cases,time,official|commission,kong,world,macao,saturday,chinese,china,organisation,health,portugal,national,sars,hong|1581292680
5e40f6f08b3ade896662c6da|SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian airlines face “drastic” cuts in their planned growth because of the coronavirus crisis, an industry group warned, adding gloom to an already depleted Singapore Airshow as more companies scaled back plans on Monday. The Singapore Airshow from Feb. 11 to 16 is proceeding, but the exhibition center is pockmarked with empty spaces that would have held displays from Chinese companies and others skipping the show because of the epidemic, which has killed more than 900 people. More than 70 exhibitors, including major U.S. defense firms Lockheed Martin Corp and Raytheon Co have pulled out over concerns related to the new coronavirus. Few deals are expected at the biennial event, where the epidemic has triggered new safety measures and cast a shadow over airline profits and demand for airplanes. Before the coronavirus hit, the International Air Transport Association had expected passenger numbers to rise by 4% in 2020 and cargo traffic to be 2% higher. “All bets are off in terms of traffic forecasts for this year,” Andrew Herdman, the director general of the Association for Asia Pacific Airlines, said in an interview. “If you look at the schedule cuts and the actual operations they have been cut by 50%, 60%, 70% within China. It is pretty drastic,” he said. The Pentagon reduced the size of its delegation to the air show, which had been set to include its chief weapons buyer, U.S. Undersecretary of Defense Ellen Lord, Reuters reported on Friday. Singapore on Friday raised its alert level for the coronavirus outbreak to orange, the same level reached during the 2003 Severe Acute Respiratory System (SARS) pandemic, sparking panic buying at supermarkets across the island. There are 43 confirmed cases of coronavirus in Singapore . The orange alert level advises organizers to cancel or defer non-essential large-scale events and recommends precautions such as temperature screening and more frequent cleaning of common areas for those that do proceed. Health experts, however, said they were concerned that temperature screening might not be effective, given reports the coronavirus could be spread by people without symptoms. “Temperature screening is okay to pick up people already sick - and those people should not be coming to the show anyway - but doesn’t pick up people incubating the virus,” said John McBride, an infectious disease physician and professor at Australia’s James Cook University. SIA Engineering Company Ltd and GE Aviation on Monday said they had postponed plans to hold a groundbreaking ceremony for a new engine overhaul facility in Singapore on Tuesday until further notice because of the raised alert level. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Military Industries withdrew from the show late Sunday, citing concerns associated with the coronavirus. The air show’s organizers said on Sunday they were expecting more than 930 companies from 45 countries and 45,000 trade attendees - down from the 54,000 at the last show in 2018. They also plan to limit public attendance. The lobbies of major hotels, usually bustling with attendees, were noticeably quiet. A spokeswoman for the organizers on Monday declined to provide an update on numbers and why the air show was going ahead when many smaller associated events and briefings were being canceled over coronavirus concerns. Cancelling the show would lead to refunds running into the tens of millions of dollars, a source at one of the exhibitors told Reuters on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. Organiser Experia Events, partly owned by ST Engineering and government agencies, charges at least S$1,550 per square meter for space in the show’s exhibition hall, according to its website . That would equate to more than S$3 million  ($2.16 million) for ST Engineering’s booth, the show’s largest at more than 2,000 square meters. ST Engineering is majority owned by Singapore state investor Temasek Holdings. Experia Events managing director Leck Chet Lam on Sunday said he could not comment on the financial terms of a cancellation. “That is between us and the exhibitor,” he told reporters.|show, coronavirus, Singapore, people, level, Engineering, Reuters, companies, Monday, concerns, air, alert, organizers, screening, Sunday, 000, ST, drastic, cuts, Airshow|Engineering,alert,level,screening,Reuters|ltd,severe,ge,aviation,cook,events,lockheed,leck,sars,australia,singapore,martin,airlines,company,sia,transport,general,reuters,lord,international,u,s,pentagon,for,airshow,lam,respiratory,raytheon,acute,military,industries,herdman,association,experia,holdings,asian,andrew,john,chinese,corp,engineering,mcbride,china,system,asia,authority,chet,ellen,pacific,james,temasek,air,arabia,st,co,saudi|1581357120
5e3fbea869c07839d5500b30|BEIJING (Reuters) - A 60-year-old American has died of the new coronavirus, the first confirmed non-Chinese death of the illness, U.S. officials said, as millions of Chinese began returning home after a Lunar New Year break that was extended to try to contain the outbreak. While the vast majority of cases have been in China, the virus has spread to some two dozen countries abroad, including five British nationals infected in a French mountain resort. The American man died on Thursday in Wuhan, epicenter of the virus outbreak in the central Chinese province of Hubei, a U.S. embassy spokesman said in Beijing on Saturday. He did not elaborate. A Japanese man in his sixties and hospitalized with pneumonia in Wuhan, capital of Hubei, also died after suffering symptoms consistent with the new coronavirus, Japan’s foreign ministry said. The virus has been a blow to China’s already-slowing economy, with Goldman Sachs cutting its first-quarter GDP growth target to 4% from 5.6% previously and saying a deeper hit is possible. “It’s certainly not going to be a return to normal next week,” said Julian Evans-Pritchard, senior China economist at Capital Economics in Singapore. The death toll in mainland China rose to 723 on Saturday, the World Health Organization (WHO) said, looking likely to pass the 774 deaths recorded globally during the 2002-2003 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). Most of the deaths in China have occurred in and around Wuhan. Across mainland China, the number of cases stood at 34,598, the WHO said. The virus has spread to 27 countries and regions, according to a Reuters count based on official reports, infecting more than 330 people. Two deaths have been reported outside mainland China - in Hong Kong and the Philippines. Both victims were Chinese nationals . WHO expert Mike Ryan told a news conference in Geneva that the number of new cases in Hubei had stabilized over the last four days, “which may reflect the impact of control measures put in place”. Speaking later to Reuters he cautioned, however, that “it’s not a decline. That can just mean four days of relative calm before it accelerates.” The latest patients outside China include five British nationals staying in the same chalet at a ski village in Haute-Savoie in the Alps, French health officials said, raising fears of further infections at a busy period in the ski season. The five, including a child, had been lodged in the same chalet with a British man believed to have contracted the virus in Singapore. They were not in a serious condition, the officials said. France issued a new travel advisory for its citizens, saying it did not recommend traveling to China unless there was an “imperative” reason. Italy asked children traveling from China to stay away from school for two weeks voluntarily. Hidden among the statistics are poignant tales of grief and frustration. Canadian mother Amelia Pan is at home while her two-year-old daughter, Cerena, is running a fever and stranded in Hubei where her father has contracted the virus. “I am just hanging in there,” Pan said in a Skype interview. “I need to stay strong so I can fight for my family.” China’s Communist Party rulers have sealed off cities, canceled flights and closed factories, a response that has dented the world’s second-biggest economy and had ripple effects globally for financial markets and businesses dependent on China. China’s economy will sputter toward normal on Monday, as millions return to the big cities after the biggest holiday of the year. The holiday was extended, but many workplaces will remain closed and many white-collar workers will continue to work from home.    U.S. electric carmaker Tesla’s (TSLA .O) factory in Shanghai will resume production on Monday, a government official said on Saturday.    Apple Inc APPL.O said it was working to reopen its China corporate offices and call centers and was making preparations to reopen retail stores there. But Chinese authorities have blocked a plan by Apple supplier Foxconn (2317.TW) to resume production from Feb. 10 over concerns about the spread of the virus, Japan’s Nikkei business daily reported on Saturday. Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), facing supply chain disruptions, said it had postponed restarting production at most China plants in its joint venture with SAIC Motor (600104.SS) and the Tianjin plant in its JV with FAW Group SASACJ.UL until Feb. 17. News of the death on Friday of Li Wenliang, a doctor who was reprimanded by police for raising the alarm about the new coronavirus, sparked outrage on Chinese social media. Chinese-ruled Hong Kong introduced a two-week quarantine on Saturday for all people arriving from the mainland, or who have been there during the previous 14 days. The Pentagon is shrinking the size of its delegation traveling to the Singapore Airshow 2020 and U.S. defense firms Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and Raytheon Co (RTN.N) said they would not attend. Singapore has 40 coronavirus infections. Another three people on a cruise liner off Japan tested positive for coronavirus, bringing the total number of confirmed cases from the ship to 64, Japan’s health ministry said. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) on Friday banned “any guests holding Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports, regardless of when they were there last” from boarding the company’s ships. The WHO warned on Friday against the “unnecessary, unhelpful profiling of individuals based on ethnicity”. (GRAPHIC: Online package of China virus news - here)|China, Chinese, virus, coronavirus, Saturday, cases, Hubei, Japan, Singapore, mainland, Reuters, year, died, death, officials, home, outbreak, spread, British, nationals|death,virus,Japan,British,officials|ltd,health,caribbean,volkswagen,economics,goldman,singapore,wenliang,italy,lmt,geneva,capital,airshow,lunar,raytheon,nikkei,tesla,tsla,julian,organization,corp,royal,shanghai,pan,vowg,sachs,hubei,li,faw,japanese,haute,s,kong,n,british,group,sasacj,inc,2317,alps,chinese,french,mike,china,rcl,philippines,rtn,appl,beijing,world,tw,de,martin,ruled,o,u,pentagon,evans,new,macau,ss,cerena,2020,p,savoie,ul,wuhan,foxconn,lockheed,france,tianjin,motor,party,pritchard,japan,communist,reuters,year,apple,who,cruises,american,600104,ryan,saic,hong,non,canadian,amelia,co|1581234900
5e3e66b9ff976e92724b703b|(Adds Canada update) Feb 7 (Reuters) - A growing number of countries around the world are evacuating or planning to evacuate diplomatic staff and citizens from parts of China hit by the new coronavirus. Following are some countries’ evacuation plans, and how they aim to manage the health risk from those who are returning. - In the United States, another 350 American evacuees from Wuhan, the city in China’s Hubei province that is the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak, were placed under quarantine at two military bases in California. That brings to 540 the number of people subject to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s first public health quarantine in 50 years. -  Uzbekistan has evacuated 251 people from China amid the coronavirus outbreak and quarantined them on arrival in Tashkent, the Central Asian nation’s state airline said. -  A plane load of New Zealanders, Australians and Pacific Islanders evacuated from China’s Wuhan city arrived in Auckland, New Zealand on Wednesday, where they will be quarantined to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, officials said. -  Taiwan has evacuated the first batch of an estimated 500 Taiwanese stranded in the Chinese city of Wuhan. -  Brazil on Tuesday obtained authorization from China to fly two planes to the city of Wuhan to evacuate Brazilian citizens who asked to be repatriated. -  Italy flew back 56 nationals from Wuhan to Rome on Feb. 3. The group will spend two weeks in quarantine in a military hospital, the government said. -  Australia’s Foreign Minister Marise Payne said 243 citizens and permanent residents evacuated Wuhan on Monday on an Australian government-chartered aircraft. -  Saudi Arabia has evacuated 10 students from Wuhan, Saudi state television reported on Sunday . - On Sunday, Indonesia’s government flew 243 Indonesians from China’s Hubei province and placed them under quarantine at a military base on the sparsely populated Natuna Besar island northwest of Borneo. - South Korea flew 368 people home on a charter flight that arrived on Friday. A second chartered flight departed Seoul for Wuhan on Friday, with plans to evacuate around 350 more South Korean citizens. - Japan chartered a third flight to repatriate Japanese people, which arrived from Wuhan on Friday, bringing the number of repatriated nationals to 565. Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Motegi said Japan is making arrangements to repatriate all Japanese who want to return from Wuhan and surrounding areas, but that a fourth plane is unlikely to be dispatched this week. -  A plane carrying 83 British and 27 European Union nationals from Wuhan landed in Britain on Friday. The returning Britons will be quarantined for 14 days at an NHS facility in northwest England. - Kazakhstan has evacuated 83 of its citizens, mostly students, from Wuhan. - German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said on Friday that a military plane would be leaving for China shortly to evacuate more than 100 German citizens. - Morocco will evacuate 100 citizens, mostly students, from around Wuhan. - Spain’s government is working with China and the European Union to repatriate its nationals. - Canada evacuated its first group of 176 citizens from Wuhan to an Ontario air force base early on Friday, according to the Globe and Mail newspaper. The country’s foreign minister said a second group should arrive later on Friday after changing planes in Vancouver. All evacuees will be quarantined on the base for two weeks. - Russia said it would begin moving its citizens out of China via its Far Eastern region on Feb. 1, regional authorities said. It plans to evacuate more than 600 Russian citizens currently in Hubei province, Deputy Prime Minister Tatiana Golikova said . A first Russian military plane took off on Tuesday to evacuate Russian citizens from Wuhan, the RIA news agency reported. - The Netherlands is preparing the voluntary evacuation of 20 Dutch nationals and their families from Hubei Province, Foreign Minister Stef Blok said in a letter to parliament. The Netherlands is finalising arrangements with EU partners and Chinese authorities. -  France has evacuated some nationals from Wuhan and said it would place the passengers in quarantine. It said it would first evacuate nationals without symptoms and then those showing symptoms at a later, unspecified date. - Swiss authorities said they hope to have about 10 citizens join the French evacuation of nationals from China. - A plane brought 138 Thai nationals home from Wuhan on Tuesday. They waved from specially laid on buses as they headed off to two weeks in quarantine to ensure they are free from the disease.|Wuhan, citizens, China, nationals, evacuate, evacuated, Friday, quarantine, plane, military, Minister, coronavirus, city, Hubei, people, quarantined, government, Foreign, Feb, number|citizens,quarantine,plane,government,nationals|tashkent,england,ontario,russian,stef,toshimitsu,italy,for,islanders,heiko,motegi,european,asian,rome,central,morocco,brazilian,pacific,taiwanese,arabia,britons,saudi,tatiana,korean,thai,eu,hubei,japanese,s,australians,russia,british,natuna,kazakhstan,korea,swiss,dutch,german,chinese,golikova,centers,french,china,states,seoul,control,mail,taiwan,far,zealanders,vancouver,australian,auckland,united,globe,indonesians,besar,nhs,union,britain,new,uzbekistan,netherlands,canada,eastern,brazil,blok,marise,payne,province,wuhan,disease,ria,australia,spain,france,and,prevention,japan,indonesia,maas,california,the,american,borneo,south,zealand|1581088560
5e3e640dc1ed9bdff74a3c27|"In view of the deadly novel coronavirus outbreak in China, the government on Wednesday issued an updated travel advisory saying the existing visas (including e-visa already issued) are no longer valid for any foreign national travelling from China.  In the travel advisory, the Health Ministry again asked people to refrain from travelling to China in view of the coronavirus outbreak in its Hubei province and said travellers on return from the neighbouring country could be quarantined. The coronavirus outbreak had claimed 491 lives in China till Tuesday, while the total number of those affected by the deadly virus stood at 24,324, according to Chinese health officials. On February 2, India temporarily suspended e-visa facility for Chinese travellers and foreigners residing in China in view of the coronavirus outbreak in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Wednesday's advisory said anyone with travel history of China since January 15 could be quarantined. Meanwhile, the cabinet secretary held a high-level meeting to review the actions taken for the management of nCoV and preparedness of states. The meeting was attended by secretaries of Health, External Affairs, Civil Aviation, Pharma, Dept of Health Research, Member Secretary of National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), and other officials from Home, Commerce, Defence ministries and Army. Health Ministry officials said a total of 741 samples were screened for nCoV, out of which 738 tested negative and three were found positive. Besides, testing of 342 samples is under process, they said, adding that 5,123 people across the country are under home surveillance. All three confirmed cases of nCoV in India have been reported from Kerala, where nearly 2,000 people are under observation in hospitals and homes. The three persons, all natives of Kerala and medical students of Wuhan University, had recently returned to India . On Tuesday, five people with suspected symptoms of nCoV were admitted to the isolation ward of RML Hospital in New Delhi, sources said. Currently, there are 12 patients who have been admitted to the hospital with nCoV-like symptoms and their test reports are awaited, the hospital sources said. On the directions of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a Group of Ministers (GoM) has been formed to review, monitor and evaluate the preparedness to contain the deadly nCoV infection in the country. The GoM had held its first meeting on Monday. The Health Ministry has said that various precautionary measures have been undertaken in close coordination with the ministries concerned at the central level. Five people of the 248 who were shifted to the Army's Base hospital after they showed symptoms of cough and cold have tested negative for coronavirus. Also, five out of the 406 people evacuated from nCoV-affected Wuhan, who are admitted at the Safdarjung Hospital, have tested negative. As many as 401 people have been quarantined at the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) facility in Delhi's Chhawla area since last week after they were brought in two batches from Wuhan onboard separate Air India flights. All those admitted to quarantine centres of the Army and the ITBP in and around the national capital are medically examined on a daily basis, though none of them has tested positive for coronavirus, health ministry officials said. As part of India's preparedness, passengers arriving from Thailand and Singapore, besides China and Hong Kong, are being screened for possible exposure to nCoV at all the 21 airports. Screening is also being conducted at international seaports and border crossings. So far, coronavirus has spread to Thailand, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam, Macau, the Philippines, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Cambodia, the United States, Canada, Germany, France, Britain, Italy, Russia, Finland, Spain, the United Arab Emirates and Sweden . The Delhi government on Wednesday issued a health advisory on the novel coronavirus (nCov) and prescribed do's and dont's for the public to ward off any infection, including avoiding frozen meat, officials said. A round-the-clock control room has also been set up at the Directorate General of Health Services' headquarters to address queries related to the virus. India has so far reported three positive cases of nCoV from Kerala, after its outbreak in China's Hubei province. In its health advisory, the Delhi government has asked people to exercise caution, like cleaning hands with soap and water or alcohol-based hand rub; covering nose and mouth while coughing; sneezing using tissue; avoiding close contact with anyone with cold or flu like symptoms; avoiding frozen meat, besides isolation of symptomatic patients for at least 14 days. Among the do's prescribed to people, the government has asked them to frequently wash hands with soap and water; avoid crowded places; stay more than an arm's length distance from persons sick with flu; take adequate sleep and rest; and drink plenty of water and consume liquid diet and eat nutritious food, the advisory said. It also said ""persons suffering from influenza-like illness must be confined at home"" and those suspected with such illness must consult a doctor. On the don'ts, it has advised people to not touch eyes, nose or mouth with unwashed hands; avoid hugging, kissing and shaking hands while greeting people in public; not spit in public places; avoid excessive physical exercise and disposal of used napkin or tissue paper in open areas; not touching surfaces usually used by public such as railings, door gates, avoid smoking in public places; and not go for unnecessary testing. A 24x7 control Room has been established at DGHS (HQ), and people may contact it on following number for any query relating to the nCoV -- 011-22307145, 22300012, 22300036."|people, nCoV, coronavirus, China, advisory, Health, India, outbreak, officials, public, government, health, Wuhan, tested, symptoms, admitted, Delhi, hands, avoid, view|health,advisory,Delhi,admitted,officials|taiwan,defence,wuhan,thailand,delhi,philippines,affairs,narendra,malaysia,nepal,dept,health,ministries,university,aviation,army,kerala,pharma,australia,vietnam,spain,france,india,singapore,united,germany,modi,hubei,italy,japan,general,sri,external,itbp,s,finland,kong,russia,group,hospital,border,base,indo,britain,arab,civil,cambodia,emirates,of,research,management,ministry,ministers,new,south,korea,services,macau,hong,rml,home,gom,chhawla,commerce,disaster,chinese,police,ncov,canada,china,states,authority,directorate,tibetan,national,air,sweden,lanka,safdarjung|1580928600
5e3d24502d0e1f11fe0a96aa|"The drinking water pipes is the worst valued by Venezuelans, according to survey conducted by the Observatory of Public Services (OVSP) in the last quarter of the year 2019.El analysis showed that 65.9% of Venezuelans rate the service water as the ""worst"", even though 91.8% of the sample reported having formal access to pipelines. The poll consulted 6,193 Venezuelans in ten cities in the country, such as: Caracas, San Cristobal, Barquisimeto, Maracaibo, Valencia, Barcelona, ​​Ciudad Bolivar, Barinas, Porlamar and Punto Fijo. These last three recently added. According to the OVSP, the negative perception in the city of Caracas for drinking water was 67.7%. On the other hand, the analysis revealed that citizens think negatively of the service by inconsistency in receiving water in their homes. Meanwhile, the electricity service was the second worst score with 58.8%. However, this slight obtained an improvement of 3.5 percentage points, according to OVSP. On the other hand, domestic gas service also reported improvement in distribution. In this latest survey of the Observatory it increased from 26.6% of users who reported not receiving the resource in your community to 13,4%. The rating for the mobile telephony service by users is 57.7% of positive opinion. Finally, urban sanitation was the highest rated in the survey with 62.2%."|service, water, Venezuelans, survey, OVSP, reported, drinking, Observatory, analysis, Caracas, hand, receiving, improvement, users, pipes, valued, conducted, Public, Services, quarter|Observatory,analysis,water,Venezuelans,receiving|fijo,caracas,barinas,barquisimeto,valencia,ovsp,of,cristobal,san,maracaibo,observatory,ciudad,bolivar,porlamar,venezuelans,services,barcelona,public,punto|1581069600
5e40f6ed8b3ade896662c6ce|ALMATY (Reuters) - Kazakhstan will send two planes to China on Feb. 10 and Feb. 12 to evacuate its citizens amid a coronavirus outbreak, the Central Asian nation’s foreign ministry said on Monday. Out of 719 Kazakhs remaining in China, 391 have asked to be repatriated, it said in a statement. The flights will also take 47 Chinese citizens to Beijing.|China, Feb, citizens, ALMATY, Reuters, Kazakhstan, send, planes, 10, 12, evacuate, amid, coronavirus, outbreak, Central, Asian, nation, foreign, ministry, Monday|citizens,12,planes,Asian,ALMATY|central,beijing,chinese,china,reuters,kazakhstan,almaty,kazakhs,asian|1581314760
5e3e6528a6201cadba7c8065|"In the wake of the outbreak of an infection in China caused by a new strain of virus, the health ministry has sought from the Ministry of External Affairs details of those who have applied for Indian visa since December 31 so that they can be counselled. The MEA has also been requested to disseminate travel advisory to Indian Embassies in China and adjoining countries in local languages for wider circulation and passenger information, the health ministry said in a statement. The Union health secretary has also written to states and Union Territories to review their preparedness, identify gaps and strengthen core capacities in the area of surveillance, laboratory support and in particular, hospital preparedness in terms of isolation and ventilator management of patients with severe respiratory illness. Special secretary, health, on Monday reviewed the public health measures that need to be scaled in the context of spurt in cases reported by China. According to chinese authorities, coronavirus has infected more than 220 people and resulted in the death of three persons in the country. WHO, in its risk assessment, said that the risk for a global spread of the infection remains low. Various measures have been initiated by the Ministry of Health as a matter of abundant precaution and the secretary, health is constantly reviewing the developments, preparedness and response measures being undertaken by the ministry, an official statement said. The health ministry has written to the civil aviation ministry for thermal screening of passengers at the international airports in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Cochin and the airlines to follow International Civil Aviation Organization guidelines for managing and notifying anybody reporting illness on flights originating from China . The Airport Health Organizations at the Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata have put up signs at prominent locations informing the public about self-reporting of illness. Hospitals attached to these airports have been reviewed for provision of isolation and critical care facilities, the statement said. ""The ministry of health has also written to Ministry of External Affairs to provide details of travelers from Wuhan city who have sought visa to travel to India, since December 31 and to counsel the applicants while issuing visa. ""They have also been requested to provide daily details. As for E-visa issue Ministry of Home Affairs is being approached,"" the statement stated. According to the statement, the National Institute of Virology, Pune, is fully geared up to test samples of novel coronavirus (nCoV). Ten other laboratories under the Indian Council of Medical Research's Viral Research and Diagnostics Laboratories network are also equipped to test samples, if such a need arises"|health, ministry, statement, China, Ministry, visa, Affairs, details, Indian, secretary, written, preparedness, illness, measures, infection, sought, External, December, 31, requested|health,details,Indian,Affairs,Ministry|territories,airport,mumbai,wuhan,delhi,affairs,health,aviation,hyderabad,laboratories,viral,kolkata,india,pune,and,cochin,council,external,who,union,international,s,e,institute,civil,of,research,ministry,bengaluru,medical,indian,home,diagnostics,virology,organization,mea,chennai,china,visa,organizations,national|1579500600
5e3e66bdff976e92724b7040|BEIJING (Reuters) - The Chinese province of Hubei, epicentre of an outbreak of the new coronavirus, still has a large shortage of medical staff, its vice governor said on Thursday. Yang Yunyan told a news conference carried live on state television that virus testing kit numbers were sufficient, but there were not enough staff to take samples and tests. “The prevention and control of the epidemic has entered a crucial stage, but there’s still a relatively large shortage of medical staff,” Yang said. “We’ve received requests from 9 cities and counties on getting more medical staff. The preliminary estimate is a shortage of 2,250. This is just an optimistic estimate of mine.” Hubei, whose capital Wuhan is where the first cases of the outbreak were reported late last year, has had the vast majority of the 563 deaths to date. The country has more than 28,000 confirmed infections.|staff, shortage, medical, Hubei, outbreak, large, Yang, estimate, BEIJING, Reuters, Chinese, province, epicentre, coronavirus, vice, governor, Thursday, Yunyan, told, conference|province,Yang,Chinese,told,epicentre|yunyan,wuhan,chinese,hubei,we,ve,beijing,yang|1581000240
5e40cebdc0fe4e1400def4cd|"The cooling down of the world economy and global trade conflicts have left strong scratches in the German export balance 2019. Admittedly, exports of goods rose to the record value of 1327,6 billion euro. However, the growth was significantly weaker by 0.8 percent than in the two previous years, as reported by the Federal Statistical Office on Friday. At that time there was a plus of three percent or 6,2 percent respectively. Admittedly, there was a glimpse of light at the end of 2019: exports rose by a total of 2,3 per cent in December compared to the previous year. However, the German economy does not expect a major recovery for the time being. ""With the economic turbulence, the Brexit and now the spread of the Coronavirus, we have further challenges to face this year,"" explained Holger Bingmann, president of the BGA Foreign Trade Association. He was satisfied with last year's balance sheet in the face of political and economic turbulence. The Federal Association of German Industry also sees continuing high risks for foreign trade. ""We expect effects on growth in China,"" said BDI chief executive Joachim Lang, looking at the spread of the new lung disease. The second largest economy in the world is an important market. Last year, according to the provisional data provided by the Wiesbaden authorities, China was the third largest single market for ""Made in Germany"" products after the USA and France. Exports to the country increased by three,2 percent to around 96 billion euros. Imports increased more than exports in the total year. Germany imported goods worth 1104,1 billion euro, 1,4 per cent more than one year before. This reduced the surplus in trade with other countries to 223,6 billion euro (2018: 228,7 billion) Yeah. On the other hand, according to preliminary calculations by the Bundesbank, the current account surplus, which also includes services, increased to 266,2 billion euros (2018: 246,0 billion etc.) The German surplus is a constant source of criticism among trading partners, especially US President Donald Trump. According to the German Chamber of Industry and Commerce (DIHK), the global uncertainties remain 2020-fold. For example, despite the division between the US and China, there is still no peace on the trade front. Trump had recently threatened the European Union again with the introduction of criminal duties on car imports if the EU and the US could not agree on a trade agreement. The uncertainties also leave a clear mark on industrial production. Customers hold back with orders. If fewer orders are received and old orders are finished, companies will reduce production. In December, total production decreased significantly by 3.5 per cent compared to the previous month. It was the strongest decline since the beginning of 2009 when production had broken down as a result of the financial crisis. Production fell by six,8 percent compared to the previous month. This shows, according to BayernLB expert Stefan Kipar, ""that the economic downturn is not yet over."" Some economists expect that Europe's largest economy will no longer grow in the fourth quarter. Preliminary data will be published by the Federal Statistical Office next Friday (14.2). Finally, in an initial estimate, the Authority assumed a ""slight"" increase. Even from the start of the current year, landlords do not expect a major improvement. The recovery in German industry is expected to last longer and gross domestic product in the first quarter of 2020 ""hardly more than stagnate"", said the head of the Institute for World Economy, Stefan Kooths . (dpa)"|billion, year, German, trade, percent, economy, previous, expect, production, exports, euro, Federal, total, cent, compared, economic, China, largest, increased, surplus|Federal,economic,largest,production,exports|office,donald,bingmann,eu,statistical,trade,france,world,germany,us,coronavirus,industry,brexit,kipar,and,economy,joachim,federal,usa,union,wiesbaden,s,lang,for,institute,association,of,bga,european,chamber,kooths,holger,bdi,commerce,german,bayernlb,foreign,china,stefan,authority,trump,europe,bundesbank|1581030000
5e3fa496c7d7d06da7396f00|"Beijing, February 3 - Russia News Agency. Members of the Advisory Committee of experts on infectious diseases of the national infectious diseases Commission Ministry of Health, PRC ""First, the virus is transmitted by air and water dripping during coughing or sneezing, and also by contact, Usually, the virus can spread 1-2 meters away from the source and quickly settle in the human body, but it can't stay in the air. "" -The expert told reporters at a press conference. On the other hand, he pointed out, ""when the contaminated saliva drops on the surface of objects around us, the virus may be touched by people, sometimes even unknown, For example, from door handles and elevator buttons. Studies have shown that the virus can survive for hours in light and for days in the right humidity. And temperature. For example, in an environment with 40% humidity and 20 ° C temperature, the new corona water may last up to five days. "" About He added that if an infected person sneezes, his saliva particles, along with the virus, are hit by the elevator buttons, and then those buttons will move others, Then he unconsciously touches his eyes or nose, which is likely to infect him. Please wash your hands. This is a very important moment. "" Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. The number of people infected with coronavirus in China has exceeded 17200 and 361 have died. Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead."|virus, people, buttons, China, infectious, diseases, Health, air, water, saliva, unknown, elevator, days, humidity, temperature, infected, 2019, Beijing, February, Russia|virus,water,infected,days,diseases|commission,russia,world,advisory,wuhan,colorado,committee,chinese,news,organization,china,of,health,first,ministry,agency,beijing,prc|1580743260
5e3e66aaff976e92724b7022|(Corrects spelling of Global Times editor’s name in 16th paragraph) * Doctor who died had been reprimanded by police * U.S. sends 18 tons of donated medical supplies * WHO warns against racial stigma over virus By Se Young Lee and Brenda Goh BEIJING/SHANGHAI, Feb 7 (Reuters) - A major cruise line on Friday took the extraordinary step of banning citizens of China regardless of when they were last there, while there was sorrow and anger over the coronavirus death of a doctor from Wuhan who had been reprimanded for sounding an early warning about the disease. The death of Li Wenliang, 34, came as President Xi Jinping reassured the United States and the World Health Organization (WHO) of transparency and maximum effort to combat the virus. Beijing’s communist leadership has sealed off cities, cancelled flights and closed factories to limit an epidemic roiling the world’s second-biggest economy, with ripple effects felt by global markets and businesses dependent on Chinese supply lines. The epicentre province of Hubei and its capital Wuhan are in lockdown, and Beijing resembles a ghost town. Apple Inc, however, said it was working to reopen its China corporate offices and call centres next week, and was making preparations to reopen retail stores there. After two days in which Hubei reported fewer new cases of coronavirus and deaths, spurring some optimism, there was an uptick on Friday. The Hubei health commission website reported 82 new deaths and 2,841 new cases in the province, taking the mainland China totals to more than 700 deaths and over 34,000 infections WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, speaking in Geneva, had cautioned earlier that “the numbers could go up again,” and warned of worldwide shortages of gowns, masks and other protective equipment . Global equity markets and government debt yields slumped on Friday, as growing concerns about the virus’ impact on global growth overshadowed a strong U.S. jobs report. U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Friday said the United States was prepared to spend up to $100 million to assist China and support coronavirus efforts by the WHO. The United States has sent nearly 17.8 tons of medical supplies to China, including masks, gowns and respirators, a State Department official said. The WHO said out of $675 million it is seeking for its coronavirus response through April, it has received pledges of $110 million, $100 million of that from the Gates Foundation. Ophthalmologist Li was among eight people reprimanded by police in Wuhan, which has suffered the brunt of the outbreak since the virus emerged there, for spreading “illegal and false” information. Li was made to sign a letter saying he had “severely disrupted social order” and was threatened with charges. Social media users called him a hero and shared a selfie of him lying on a hospital bed wearing an oxygen respirator and holding up his Chinese identification card. One image showed the message “farewell Li Wenliang” etched into snow on a riverbank. “Wuhan indeed owes Li Wenliang an apology,” said Hu Xijin, editor of the government-backed Global Times tabloid. Rights group Amnesty International called his death a “tragic reminder” of how China’s preoccupation with stability made it suppress vital information. China had been accused of trying to cover up the 2003 SARS outbreak that killed almost 800 people worldwide. There were signs that discussion of Li’s death was being censored. After briefly trending on Weibo, the topics “the Wuhan government owes doctor Li Wenliang an apology” and “we want free speech” yielded no search results. The virus has spread around the world, with 320 cases now in 27 countries and regions outside mainland China, a Reuters tally of official statements showed . WHO emergency expert Mike Ryan said reports of Asians being shunned in the West over a perceived connection to coronavirus was “utterly and completely unacceptable and it needs to stop.” Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd issued a statement on Friday saying: “Any guest or crewmen traveling from, to, or through mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau less than 15 days prior to their sailing will be unable to board any of our ships.” But it did not stop there. It also said, “Any guests holding a Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passport, regardless of when they were there last, will not be allowed to board our ships.” China has complained bitterly about bans and measures that go against WHO recommendations and accused governments and companies that take such actions of fear mongering. Two deaths have been reported outside mainland China, in Hong Kong and the Philippines, but how deadly and contagious the virus is remains unclear, prompting countries to quarantine hundreds of people and cut travel links with China. Four sick passengers aboard a Royal Caribbean ship that arrived off New Jersey in the United States were sent to a hospital out of “an abundance of caution,” the local mayor said. There were 41 new cases among about 3,700 people quarantined in a cruise ship off Japan, taking the total to 61, while Chinese-ruled Hong Kong quarantined for a third day a cruise ship with 3,600 on board. “A cruise ship is a very particular environment in which you can have higher levels of transmission even with a virus that isn’t very efficient at transmission,” WHO’s Ryan told a news conference in Geneva. The head of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Justice, Li Fuying, told reporters that people deliberately concealing contacts or refusing isolation could be punished with death.|China, Li, virus, Friday, coronavirus, death, Wuhan, people, cruise, Wenliang, United, States, Chinese, cases, deaths, mainland, million, Hong, Kong, ship|death,virus,mainland,Wenliang,Kong|ltd,state,wuhan,philippines,ghebreyesus,fuying,jinping,adhanom,department,bureau,health,municipal,foundation,gates,caribbean,amnesty,sars,beijing,world,united,wenliang,li,hubei,geneva,west,japan,reuters,apple,weibo,ruled,april,goh,who,u,s,international,kong,times,cruises,ryan,jersey,xijin,lee,of,global,justice,new,inc,macau,hong,organization,chinese,mike,china,states,se,xi,pompeo,brenda,asians,royal,shanghai,hu,young,tedros|1581082380
5e3e66f0ff976e92724b7071|(Adds details) ROME, Feb 6 (Reuters) - An Italian national on Thursday tested positive for the new coronavirus, a spokesman for the health ministry said, the third confirmed in Italy after two Chinese tourists tested positive last week. The man was one of 56 Italian nationals repatriated this week from the Chinese city of Wuhan in Hubei province, the epicentre of the virus that has killed more than 600 people. There have been two deaths in Hong Kong and the Philippines. Those evacuated from China were being held in quarantine for 14 days at a military base south of Rome. The ministry said the infected man had been transferred to Rome’s Spallanzani institute, a centre specializing in infectious diseases and viruses. Nearly 230 cases have been reported in 27 other countries and regions outside mainland China, according to a Reuters tally based on official statements.|Reuters, Italian, tested, positive, ministry, Chinese, man, China, Rome, Adds, details, ROME, Feb, national, Thursday, coronavirus, spokesman, health, confirmed, Italy|details,health,confirmed,Italy,national|kong,rome,philippines,italian,wuhan,italy,hubei,chinese,china,reuters,spallanzani,s,hong|1580985900
5e3e6550a6201cadba7c811d|"But while banks have been wary of lending, demand for credit is also down. Which is what makes the job of the finance minister more daunting--there is a demand slowdown and a credit crunch. And it is not likely to get better even with NPAs on the decline, for financial institutions are still struggling to gain back their financial muscle. The government has recapitalised public sector banks--the plan is to infuse Rs 70,000 crore this fiscal (since coming to power in 2014, the Narendra Modi-government has pumped in around Rs 2.8 lakh crore into state-run banks). The RBI has taken steps to improve transmission of the repo rate cut through an outreach programme, but banks need to start lending to stimulate the corporate investment cycle, even if that means the government revisits the idea of a bad bank (transferring all bad loans there to clean up the balance sheets of the banks). Beyond that, the budget could be an opportunity for the government to lay out a roadmap for a more robust banking sector, which means ceding state control and enabling banks to strive for higher standards of governance, better risk management, higher autonomy and more accountability. Buttressing infrastructure From the July 10, 2014 Budget tabled by the then finance minister Arun Jaitley to the last one presented by Sitharaman, there has been a consistent rise in allocation of funds for infrastructure. The Rs 1.8 lakh crore allocation in 2014-15 became more than Rs 4.56 lakh crore in 2019-20. This reflected in the expansion of power transmission, railway networks, rebuilding of highways, connecting of ports with nearest roads or railway nodes, taking telecom and internet penetration to the rural areas, building more rural roads, affordable housing, reviving irrigation projects et al. In times of lower private sector investments, the expanding expenditure of the government kept the economy moving . This year, too, when the economy is undergoing a demand squeeze, infrastructure will hold the key. The finance minister has already laid out a plan for projects worth Rs 102 lakh crore in the national infrastructure pipeline (NIP). However, the Budget will require provisions for funding many of these projects. The plan requires funds from the Centre as well as the state (39 per cent each), with the onus for the remaining 22 per cent going to the private sector (raising their share to 30 per cent in the next five years). The infrastructure projects do have capabilities to boost the core sector, with a multiplier impact on the economy as well as in job creation. Apart from the blueprint for the transmission network, expanding Digital India from mere broadband-based schemes to towers, and the storage-linked renewable energy parks, the biggest task for the finance minister is to show the roadmap for funding, especially the debt. This requires Sitharaman to lay down the provisions for the Development Financial Institutions (DFIs) in this Budget itself. The banks are yet to recover from the NPA mess, and after the fall of IL&FS and later Dewan Housing Finance, NBFCs have also been staying away from infrastructure funding. It will require the removal of all bottlenecks from projects. The flagship programmes of the government like Bharatmala, Sagarmala and revamping of railway signals are struggling because of inefficient decision-making, lack of interest from funding agencies, regulatory and judicial reviews et al. The government should implement a plan like PRAGATI (Pro-Active Governance And Timely Implementation), which was effectively used during Modi's first term. Due to higher risks, the banks are seeking more equity participation from players (ranging from 30 to 50 per cent) in highways, railways, solar and other infra projects . But many of the corporate houses, whose balance-sheets continue to bleed after assets turned NPAs or are listed for resolution at the NCLT (National Company Law Tribunal), will find it difficult to put more equity into projects. In the past five years, the Nitin Gadkari-led highways ministry, the railways led by Piyush Goyal (earlier Suresh Prabhu), and power led by R.K. Singh (earlier Goyal) have tried to reduce risks for private investors--including foreign funds--but have met with limited success. The banks are seeking 'risk-free' projects to fund; right now, even if they decide to fund, the cost of capital is too high that the return on investments becomes too costly. Sitharaman could offer solutions through DFIs in this budget. In the past, India had DFIs like the Industrial Development Bank of India, Industrial Finance Corporation of India and Industrial Credit & Investment Corporation of India. Post-independence, these institutions were floated to fuel the entrepreneurial zeal among homegrown capitalists. But by the 1980s and early '90s, most of them transformed into retail bankers. There is also huge pressure on the finance minister to expand the budget. Experts like Vinayak Chatterjee of Feedback Infra, suggest that a significant sum be kept aside to seed fund these institutions. He is not wrong. At present, there is liquid capital available in North America, especially with the pension funds in Toronto in Canada, or sovereign funds in Singapore or the Middle East, who would want to pump in money in any government-backed entity. If nominal GDP growth rate remains around 10 per cent next fiscal, the finance minister should allow the fiscal deficit to breach 3.5 to 3.8 per cent of the GDP (instead of meeting the target of 3 per cent). It would leave the government with a provision of Rs 8-8.5 trillion, giving it an extra Rs 2-2.7 trillion. BJP spokesperson for economic affairs, Gopal Krishna Agarwal, says the money can be used to set up DFIs . Normal NBFC norms will allow the government to leverage nine times the funds from other investors, and with government guarantee, the leverage could be 30 times. The automotive sector has been one of the worst hit in the current slowdown. In calendar year 2019, the industry saw its worst-ever annual sales fall in two decades, at 13 per cent. Vehicle manufacturers sold over 23 million units across categories in 2019, a decline of 13.77 per cent from over 26.7 million vehicles sold in 2018. The tendency to postpone buying decision due to uncertainties in jobs, added to the new regulatory norms expected to kick in from April this year, affected the sector adversely. In August last year, the government had announced specific measures aimed at the auto sector. It announced that BS IV vehicles, bought up to March 31 next year, 'will remain operational for the entire period of registration', meaning they would coexist with BS VI vehicles launched from next year. A proposal to hike registration charges of cars to Rs 5,000, from the Rs 600 at present, has also been deferred till June 2020. The FM also announced higher depreciation for all vehicles, from 15 per cent earlier to 30 per cent, and has reversed a five-year ban on government purchase of vehicles. She also said electric vehicles and vehicles with internal combustion engines will coexist, removing some confusion among buyers in this regard. The government is also considering a 'scrappage policy' for the auto sector to boost sales. A scrappage policy is a government-funded programme to promote the replacement of old vehicles with modern ones. According to Naveen Soni, senior V-P, sales & service, Toyota Kirloskar Motor, the budget should spur demand without putting any additional burden on the exchequer. ""One way to achieve this is by realising the scrappage policy for all old vehicles, the draft policy of which has been shared by the government . The auto industry is willing to share the burden towards realising such a scrappage policy. Eventually, it will also have a more sustainable impact on the environment."" Another thrust area would be to extend the income tax benefits available for electric cars to other vehicles as well, or to extend the depreciation benefit--currently available only to companies and professionals--to personal customers also. ""This kind of stimulus will not have a significant impact on government revenues in the immediate future but it can effectively improve consumer sentiment and help pull up demand during the difficult transition period to BS VI, which will see prices of most vehicles going up,"" Soni adds. Rajeev Chaba, president & MD, MG Motor India, feels that more work needs to be done to promote adoption of electric vehicles (EVs) in India, not only in public transport but amongst private customers as well. ""It should also look at providing incentives to stakeholders for sourcing critical raw materials for EV battery manufacturing in India. This will enable a strong EV-centric ecosystem and will be beneficial for the long-term growth of this high-potential space,"" he says, adding that measures to offset the increase in GST costs due to the BS-VI norms should also be taken."|government, vehicles, cent, banks, sector, Rs, projects, India, year, finance, minister, --, infrastructure, funds, demand, crore, policy, plan, lakh, budget|plan,government,projects,banks,demand|development,chatterjee,npas,led,dfis,bjp,america,narendra,investment,north,chaba,toyota,fm,housing,gadkari,k,earlier,soni,prabhu,infra,jaitley,india,bank,credit,company,singapore,modi,il,bs,digital,feedback,naveen,rajeev,industrial,middle,agarwal,rbi,budget,r,rs,600,mg,government,s,singh,vi,east,suresh,finance,institutions,nbfcs,goyal,krishna,arun,financial,bharatmala,fs,law,nitin,of,motor,toronto,centre,piyush,gopal,sitharaman,nbfc,npa,kirloskar,nclt,canada,pragati,corporation,sagarmala,national,dewan,tribunal,vinayak|1580531160
5e3e9aa876c6e08a821bd0dc|"According to Apple Daily reported on the 29th, Wuhan pneumonia, the central storage of materials for the PLA Chemical Corps deployment? According to the report, the new epidemic of pneumonia in Wuhan, China is grim. The CPC General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered at least 4 speeches in a week, which instructed the PLA to give full support to local prevention and control. Some sources pointed out to apple that after the closure of Wuhan City, all traffic stops, doctors go to and from work, and materials are delivered by volunteer teams initiated by the people's government. However, they received a message on Tuesday night asking the teams to withdraw. They cooperated with the central government to monopolize the power of distributing civilian medical materials, the PLA's medical teams drawing sea, land and air from the 24th to enter the city, as well as President Xi's latest instructions, It is expected that Wuhan will face great changes this morning. According to the previous report, among the nearly 6000 elite doctors and nurses from all provinces, there are many veterans who have fought against SARS. Most of the rescue teams are set up by the local health committee. The increased medical care came from Guangdong, Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Sichuan, Hunan, Zhejiang, Shandong, Jiangsu, Henan, Shanxi, Jilin, Tianjin, Chongqing, Shaanxi, Liaoning, Hebei, Fujian, Yunnan, Jiangxi, three military medical universities and the National Health Commission, the State Administration of traditional Chinese medicine, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangdong Administration of traditional Chinese medicine, Beijing Administration of traditional Chinese medicine There are 18 provincial medical teams, 3 military hospital medical teams and 4 TCM medical teams. In terms of materials, 32 tons of drugs and masks arrived in Wuhan by special plane of SF express as early as the 24th, the report said. The Ministry of Finance approved an emergency allocation of 1 billion yuan of epidemic prevention and control subsidy in Hubei Province according to the deployment of the State Council on the 23rd. On July 27, the Ministry of Finance allocated another 500 million yuan to Hubei Province. The report refers to Hankou hospital, Red Cross Hospital, Western Hospital of universal love hospital, seventh hospital of Wuhan, Ninth Hospital of Wuhan, Wuchang Hospital of Wuhan and five hospitals of Wuhan. All the outpatient departments are designated by the municipal government as the centralized reception hospital for fever outpatient. According to the official confirmed cases in Hubei Province, 444 cases were reported on the 22nd, 549 cases on the 24th, 1052 cases on the 26th, and 2714 cases on the 28th. With more than 3 tons of materials, the increased medical care plus the medical care in Wuhan itself, as well as the medical supplies, should be sufficient. Yes, all the front-line doctors and nurses of the above hospitals sent out a call for help to the people last week, that is, after the arrival of a large number of manpower and materials, reflecting that the front-line doctors and nurses did not get reinforcements in the first time 。 In addition, a large number of non-governmental materials have been intercepted and suspected of being confiscated, and the announcement of the Ministry of Civil Affairs has also revealed a mystery, the Apple Daily said. Sources pointed out that some logistics companies deceived them to include a batch of materials collected from the private sector into their warehouses on the basis of providing free storage; other private volunteers bought medical materials from overseas spontaneously, but also were intercepted by the customs, saying that the state would levy them, send them to Wuhan if they wanted to donate, and return them without donation. The Civil Affairs Bureau also issued a notice on the 26th that the central government should monopolize the right of distribution of materials, forbid charitable organizations and voluntary service organizations from other places to enter Hubei Province, organize volunteers, and assign designated organizations to collect and follow the pneumonia prevention and control headquarters in Hubei Province, Wuhan city and other places. The Apple Daily said that President Xi made many speeches and spoke frankly about ""listening to the party's command"". Yesterday, he asked the PLA to give full support to local authorities in the prevention and control of the epidemic. It is expected that Wuhan will usher in great changes this morning. The elite medical staff who have been reinforced may be temporarily recruited to enter Wuhan hospital as the chemical defense regiment of the people's Liberation Army. The materials and personnel that have been hoarded earlier may be reserved for military use."|Wuhan, medical, materials, teams, hospital, Hubei, Province, cases, PLA, report, prevention, control, doctors, government, Chinese, Hospital, Apple, Daily, pneumonia, central|central,pneumonia,teams,doctors,Province|commission,zhejiang,state,wuhan,jiangsu,corps,jinping,city,guangdong,affairs,bureau,health,jiangxi,yunnan,sars,army,beijing,academy,tianjin,tcm,hunan,sichuan,fujian,hubei,jilin,administration,apple,council,wuchang,liaoning,pla,cross,s,shandong,cpc,finance,chemical,hankou,the,hospital,chongqing,shaanxi,ninth,civil,henan,western,of,sf,ministry,traditional,chinese,sciences,china,daily,xi,shanxi,national,hebei,shanghai,red,province,liberation|1580387580
5e40cec9c0fe4e1400def4ef|In the fight against the spread of lung disease in China, the Beijing government has ordered national controls and hygiene measures. Heat meters should be installed at airports, railway stations, bus stations and passenger ports. Emergency plans should be in place for the treatment of patients. The number of deaths caused by the new Coronavirus in China has increased to 41. First individual cases also exist in France and Australia. The sick patients there had previously been on trips to China. (dpa)|China, stations, patients, fight, spread, lung, disease, Beijing, government, ordered, national, controls, hygiene, measures, Heat, meters, installed, airports, railway, bus|lung,airports,disease,patients,government|france,coronavirus,china,australia,beijing|1579906800
5e3fa99b7789d687c1b758ac|Tass, 29 January. The Ministry of health and prevention of the United Arab Emirates announced that four Chinese citizens were hospitalized from a family and found to have the 2019 ncov type coronavirus. The United Arab Emirates News Agency reported on Wednesday. It is noted that the condition of the infected is stable. According to Al Arabiya television, Chinese residents arrived in the United Arab Emirates from Wuhan. They entered the country on 16 January. Earlier on Wednesday, authorities in the United Arab Emirates confirmed the country's first case of pneumonia caused by 2019-ncv.|United, Arab, Emirates, January, Chinese, 2019, Wednesday, country, Tass, 29, Ministry, health, prevention, announced, citizens, hospitalized, family, found, ncov, type|country,health,Tass,announced,citizens|united,wuhan,chinese,news,and,arab,emirates,prevention,arabiya,of,health,ministry,agency,al|1580325411
5e3e681fff976e92724b7111|SHANGHAI, Jan 20 (Reuters) - Chinese investors dumped tourism stocks and bought drugmakers and facial mask producers as coronavirus spread to more cities, raising concerns of its containment and clouding travel plans of millions of Chinese for the Lunar New Year holiday. Authorities reported 139 new cases of pneumonia caused by the coronavirus strain over the weekend, including a third death. Major hotel operators BTG Hotels Group Co and Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Development Co tumbled over 7% on Monday morning, while tourism company Songcheng Performance Development Co slumped over 8%. Drugmakers such as Jiangsu Sihuan Bioengineering Co and Shandong Lukang Pharmaceutical Co jumped by their 10% daily limit. The stock-picking pattern is similar to the one observed during the outbreak of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) in 2003, but future trends hinge on whether the virus could be contained. “If you look at how investors reacted to SARS, today’s outbreak certainly gives a short-term boost to drugmakers and facial mask producers,” said Wu Kan, head of equity trading at Shanghai-based Shanshan Finance. The new virus, first reported in the Chinese city of Wuhan late last year, belongs to the same family of coronaviruses that causes SARS, which killed nearly 800 people globally during a 2002-2003 outbreak that also started in China. Brokerage firm Guolian Securities identified biotech firms, including Autobio Diagnostics and Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co, as beneficiaries from the epidemic. An index tracking biotech shares rose over 1%, while a gauge tracking hotel operators slumped over 6%. Companies involved in the making of facial masks surged on higher demand prospects for these products. Tianjin TEDA Co, a major producer of materials used in facial masks, jumped over 9%. Textile maker Shanghai Shenda Co rose over 4% . (Reporting by Samuel Shen and Brenda Goh; editing by Uttaresh.V)|facial, Chinese, Shanghai, outbreak, SARS, investors, tourism, drugmakers, mask, producers, coronavirus, reported, including, hotel, operators, Hotels, Development, slumped, jumped, 2003|Shanghai,slumped,Hotels,reported,producers|development,shenda,wuhan,shen,v,pharmaceutical,jiangsu,teda,sars,autobio,tianjin,guolian,guangzhou,year,wu,samuel,biotech,songcheng,international,goh,shandong,hotels,group,lunar,btg,jin,finance,lukang,bioengineering,kan,new,performance,sihuan,based,diagnostics,jiang,chinese,china,securities,brenda,shanshan,wondfo,shanghai,co,uttaresh|1579453080
5e3fabc87789d687c1b75977|"Singapore, 25 January. /tass/ Singapore authorities deny that Wuhan, China, has banned a number of tourists, including patients with pneumonia. This was mentioned in a statement issued Saturday by the Singapore border control agency. The authorities said it was not credible that ""more than 100 passengers were allegedly not allowed to enter Singapore"". This did not happen, ""the authority said. We call on the public not to disseminate unconfirmed information, ""they added. Singapore authorities banned 116 Wuhan tourists Friday, Chinese media reported. They were then flown to scoot, a local budget company in Hangzhou, eastern Zhejiang Province. After arriving in Hangzhou, at least two passengers were hospitalized and the rest were quarantined, a representative of the airline said Saturday. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown type of pneumonia had broken out in Wuhan, a commercial and industrial center with a large population. More than 11 million people Colorado virus pathogen 2019 ncov) installed January 7 About This has also been found in Australia, France, Japan, Malaysia, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Thailand, the United States and Vietnam. Who recognizes that China's national emergency has broken out, but so far no international emergency has been declared."|Singapore, authorities, Wuhan, January, China, banned, tourists, pneumonia, Saturday, passengers, Chinese, Hangzhou, 2019, broken, emergency, 25, tass, deny, number, including|authorities,pneumonia,Hangzhou,tourists,January|zhejiang,thailand,wuhan,malaysia,health,vietnam,australia,france,republic,world,singapore,united,japan,s,colorado,of,hangzhou,korea,chinese,organization,china,states|1579948839
5e3e6443c1ed9bdff74a3c81|"Qualifying boxing matches for Asia and Oceania for the 2020 Olympic Games that were set to take place in China's Wuhan next month have been cancelled due to fears over the new flu-like coronavirus, Japan's Kyodo news agency said on Wednesday. Boxing preparations for the Games have already been upended after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in June took over the competition and suspended the international boxing federation due to issues with its finances and governance. The IOC have instead set up a task force, led by its member and International Gymnastics Federation head Morinari Watanabe, to organise the boxing events. The Kyodo report cited organisers as the source of the news. Reuters was unable to immediately contact Watanabe. The IOC did not immediately return requests for comment. The Tokyo 2020 organising committee did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the matter. The death toll from the virus in China rose to nine on Wednesday with 440 confirmed cases, Chinese health officials said as authorities stepped up efforts to control the outbreak by discouraging public gatherings in Hubei province. The Tokyo organising committee has previously said in response to questions on health concerns for the 2020 Olympics that, ""countermeasures against infectious diseases constitute an important part of our plans to host a safe and secure Games."" It added that it would ""continue to collaborate with all relevant organisations which carefully monitor any incidence of infectious diseases and we will review any countermeasures that may be necessary with all relevant organisations."" The global boxing body has been in turmoil over its finances and governance for years with the federation $16 million in debt. It has also been split internally by an ongoing bitter battle over the presidency."|boxing, 2020, Games, IOC, immediately, Olympic, set, China, due, Kyodo, Wednesday, International, federation, finances, governance, Watanabe, comment, Tokyo, organising, committee|International,Kyodo,boxing,comment,organising|gymnastics,wuhan,ioc,olympic,hubei,kyodo,oceania,japan,reuters,international,tokyo,s,games,watanabe,olympics,morinari,federation,committee,chinese,china,asia|1579679640
5e3f9fbbc7d7d06da7396e21|"Moscow, 6 February / Sputnik radio. Over the next few months, $675 million will be needed to prevent further spread of the Colorado virus and protect vulnerable countries. As stated in the statement of the World Health Organization). Noting the urgent need to provide assistance to countries with weak health systems to identify the virus, In order to take care of the infected and prevent transmission. In late December, Chinese authorities reported an outbreak of pneumonia of unknown origin in Hubei Province. The new type of coronavirus 2019 ncov has become the pathogen of the disease. According to the latest data, more than 243000 people have been infected and nearly 500 people have died in the world. Last week, the Russian government decided to close part of its border with China in the Far East, cancel work visas for Chinese citizens and withdraw from Hubei Russians there have suspended regular Russian Airlines Flights to China, except for flights to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong. Earlier, radio Sputnik reported that the embassy reported the situation of Russian citizens on the Japanese ""Diamond Princess"" ship. Join our channel at yandex. Zen, join our TV channel."|reported, Russian, Sputnik, radio, prevent, virus, countries, infected, Chinese, Hubei, people, China, citizens, channel, Moscow, February, months, 675, million, needed|citizens,virus,infected,Russian,months|far,russian,health,princess,beijing,world,airlines,diamond,hubei,guangzhou,japanese,zen,sputnik,east,kong,colorado,moscow,hong,russians,organization,chinese,china,shanghai|1580971200
5e3fa879c7d7d06da7396f57|"Beijing, Russia News Agency February 3. China's Ministry of environment has issued an order focusing on the supervision of sanitary sewage and municipal wastewater, According to the statement of relevant departments, under the background of the prevalence of new coronaviruses at home and abroad, they are regularly purified and disinfected. ""Close attention should be paid to the monitoring of sanitary and municipal wastewater, which is an important part of prevention and control of diffusion. ""Disease,"" the Department reported. In areas where cases of infection are found, health facilities must strictly comply with national standards for the treatment and discharge of wastewater during epidemics. If the medical institution is unable to fully comply with the specified instructions, it must build a temporary purification tank. It is strictly prohibited to discharge sewage without disinfection. In terms of urban purification plants, especially in the identified areas, measures for disinfection and sterilization must be strengthened and supervised. disease About Special attention also needs to be paid to waste water from rural areas, in particular to the prevention of the flow of sanitary waste water into irrigation channels, And prevent drinking water pollution sources. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization (who) on December 31 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found the pathogen - Colorado virus 2019 ncov. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has reached 361, with more than 1720 infected. About 150 people in nearly 20 countries are ill outside China. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|China, sanitary, wastewater, areas, water, sewage, municipal, attention, paid, prevention, found, strictly, comply, discharge, purification, disinfection, waste, Beijing, Russia, Agency|attention,water,sewage,found,prevention|russia,world,wuhan,environment,colorado,chinese,news,organization,china,of,health,ministry,agency,beijing,s|1580704440
5e3e674eff976e92724b70a5|BEIJING (Reuters) - China is considering delaying the annual meeting of its top legislative body, five people familiar with the matter said, as it grapples with a virus epidemic that has forced drastic curtailment of travel and other activity to curb its spread. The National People’s Congress (NPC), made up of about 3,000 delegates, typically gathers for a session lasting at least 10 days in Beijing, beginning on March 5, to pass legislation and unveil key economic targets for the year. A postponement would be the first since China adopted the current March schedule in 1995 for the meeting of parliament. “The focus remains on taking steps forward towards meeting on schedule, but we are discussing a range of options as the (virus) situation doesn’t look likely to be contained by March,” a senior government official told Reuters, declining to be identified given the sensitivity of the matter. “A delay is one of those options,” the official said. “It should come as no surprise given that we are in a very difficult time.” China’s State Council Information Office and the NPC media center did not immediately respond to faxed requests for comment. Foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying, asked during a daily briefing on Thursday whether the NPC session could be postponed due to the virus oubtreak, said she has not heard anything on the matter. The virus, believed to have originated in the central Chinese city of Wuhan, has killed more than 560 people and infected more than 28,000, the vast majority of them in China. The outbreak is also inflicting a growing toll on businesses and consumers in the world’s second-largest economy. Strict transport curbs have been imposed in many parts of the country and some cities are in virtual lockdown . To minimize job losses, China’s stability-obsessed leaders are likely to sign-off on more spending, tax relief and subsidies for virus-hit sectors, alongside further monetary easing to spur bank lending and lower borrowing costs for businesses, policy insiders have told Reuters. Many officials who would ordinarily be involved in preparation for the NPC are staying at home under 14-day mandatory quarantines after returning to Beijing from their home provinces following the Lunar New Year holidays. Central government officials in Beijing were told to resume work on Feb. 3. China has already postponed a high-level business event, the China Development Forum, which is usually held in late March, and the venue for the Canton Fair, a trade fair in the southern city of Guangzhou, has been suspended until further notice. The spring session of the trade fair was due to begin on April 15. The NPC gathering is crucial this year, as it is set to ratify China’s first-ever civil code, a key milestone in President Xi Jinping’s legal reform effort. The NPC is also widely expected to discuss the months-long protests in Hong Kong, and to announce the annual economic growth target along with China’s defense budget. Under China’s constitution, a full plenary session of the NPC must be held every year. Chucheng Feng, a partner at Plenum, an independent research firm in Hong Kong, put the chance of a delay at just 10% because of the meeting’s political importance. “However, as the epidemic extends into February, the gathering of China’s entire political elite in a confined Great Hall of the People for over a week looks quite dangerous,” he said. China’s legislative meeting happens around the same time as the meeting of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), the country’s top political consultative body, which has another over 2,100 members. Together, the gatherings are known as the “Two Sessions” . The provinces of Yunnan and Sichuan have already postponed their provincial annual legislative meetings due to the outbreak.|China, NPC, meeting, virus, session, March, Reuters, annual, legislative, matter, People, Beijing, year, told, postponed, due, political, top, body, people|NPC,virus,annual,Beijing,March|development,people,march,state,wuhan,jinping,office,consultative,yunnan,beijing,two,information,chucheng,sichuan,hall,chunying,forum,guangzhou,hua,reuters,year,plenum,council,feng,great,congress,s,kong,lunar,virus,the,npc,sessions,of,ministry,new,hong,canton,chinese,foreign,china,xi,conference,political,national,fair|1580986680
5e4155c4cae8370994363d79|Three aircraft from the Portuguese airline Hi Fly depart this Thursday from Beja airport to Wuhan, China, to repatriate Europeans who are in the region where the coronavirus epidemic originated. The first flight leaves Beja airport at ten o'clock this Thursday. As it is an A380, the largest commercial aircraft in the world, only the Alentejan city runway is operational for the operation. The second and third aircraft leave at 11am and 15h00, respectively, bound for Asia. The three aircraft will be grounded in France, from which they will depart towards Hanoi, capital of the Vietaname. A second crew will assemble in the Vietnamese city and it is from here that the plane flies to Wuhan, China. This is an international mission, coordinated by the DGS. The Director General for Health, Grace Freitas, said that the health technicians are assigned to Portuguese pilots and crews the procedures to be followed in the operation. The CM knows that after China, planes must return to France.|aircraft, China, Portuguese, depart, Thursday, Beja, airport, Wuhan, city, operation, France, airline, Fly, repatriate, Europeans, region, coronavirus, epidemic, originated, flight|repatriate,operation,airport,Fly,France|france,vietaname,wuhan,europeans,beja,a380,portuguese,grace,hi,china,alentejan,asia,freitas,cm,dgs,vietnamese,fly,hanoi|1580335920
5e4155eecae8370994363da1|The Chinese authorities have this Thursday placed three de facto quarantine cities in an unprecedented effort to halt the spread of a new type of coronavirus that has already killed seventeen people and infected nearly 600. The entrances and exits of Wuhan, the seventh largest city in China, with eleven million inhabitants, and of two neighboring cities, Huanggang and Ezhou, were banned throughout the day of this Thursday, picking up millions of people unaccounted for, on the eve of the start of the Lunar New Year holiday. The main feast of Chinese families, equivalent to Christmas in Western countries, is also the largest internal migration on the planet: according to the Chinese Ministry of Transport there will be a total of three billion domestic journeys over the next forty days.|Chinese, Thursday, cities, people, largest, authorities, de, facto, quarantine, unprecedented, effort, halt, spread, type, coronavirus, killed, seventeen, infected, 600, entrances|quarantine,infected,authorities,largest,halt|wuhan,lunar,huanggang,chinese,china,western,transport,of,year,ministry,new,ezhou|1579794120
5e3f7515957b7c669b3078ed|"An American woman and a Japanese man became the first foreigners to have died from the new coronavirus in China as the death toll jumped to 723 in the country with the confirmed cases soaring to 34,598, health officials said on Saturday.  The American citizen died in Wuhan, the United States embassy in Beijing said on Saturday, the first confirmed foreign death from the outbreak. ""We can confirm that a 60-year-old US citizen diagnosed with coronavirus died at Jinyintang hospital in Wuhan, China on February 6,"" a US embassy spokesman said. ""We offer sincerest condolences to the family for their loss,"" Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post quoted the spokesman as saying. The New York Times reported that the person was a woman and had underlying health conditions, citing two people familiar with the matter. The Chinese foreign ministry said earlier that 19 foreign nationals in China have been confirmed to have contracted the virus and undergoing treatment in hospitals. Two of them were discharged after recovery, the ministry said without disclosing details. Earlier reports said that four Pakistanis and two Australians contracted the virus. Though the US woman is officially stated to be the first foreigner to have died due to the coronavirus, a Japanese man hospitalised in Wuhan with pneumonia has also died, the Japan's foreign ministry announced in Tokyo. The ministry citing Chinese medical authorities said on Saturday the man in his 60s, was possibly infected with the coronavirus but due to difficulties in diagnosing the disease his death had been attributed to viral pneumonia. His cause of death was given as viral pneumonia, it added. The man is potentially the first Japanese to have died from coronavirus, it said. Eighty-six deaths were reported in mainland China with 3,399 fresh cases from 31 provincial-level regions, the country's National Health Commission said on Saturday . State-run CGTN television network reported that the death toll has climbed to 723 while confirmed cases jumped to 34,598. Among the deaths, 81 are in Hubei province and its provincial capital Wuhan, the epicentre of the virus, two in Heilongjiang, as well as one in Beijing, Henan and Gansu, the commission said. By the end of Friday, 26 confirmed cases, including one death, have been reported in Hong Kong. Macau reported 10 cases, while Taiwan reported 16 cases, it said. A total of 4,214 new suspected cases were reported and 1,280 patients became seriously ill, and 510 people were discharged from hospital after recovery, according to the commission. It added that 6,101 patients remained in severe condition, and 27,657 people were suspected of being infected with the virus. As many as 2,050 people have been discharged from hospital after recovery. Meanwhile, a central government inspection group has arrived in Wuhan to thoroughly investigate issues related to Dr Li Wenliang, the whistleblower who was admonished by police last month when he flagged the coronavirus in his special media. Li, 34, died on Thursday, plunging the whole of China into grief and anger over police highhandedness in stifling vital information which resulted in the coronavirus becoming a massive epidemic in China and the world. The inspection team would probe the issues related to Li, an ophthalmologist with the Central Hospital of Wuhan, who passed away early Friday after being infected with the novel coronavirus, official media reported. Also health authorities in Tibet said on Saturday that medical observation had been lifted for 32 close contacts of the region's only confirmed case of the novel coronavirus, with no symptoms reported. The health commission of Tibet said the 32 people were discharged from their two-week isolated medical observation in cities of Lhasa, Shigatse, Shannan and Naqu. None of them reported fever or other symptoms . Tibet reported its first confirmed case of the new coronavirus on January 30. The patient is now in a stable condition, state-run Xinhua news reported. Pangolins may be an intermediate host of the virus, as indicated by a study led by South China Agricultural University. Researchers found the metagenome sequence of the novel coronavirus strain separated from pangolins to be 99 per cent identical to that from infected people. The commission said 3.45 lakh 'close contacts' have been traced, adding that among them, 26,702 were discharged from medical observation on Friday. Over 1.89 lakh others are still under medical observation. The death toll of the coronavirus cases overseas went up 220 with Japan reporting 86 followed by 33 in Singapore. Chinese health officials have sent more than 11,000 medics, including the country's best ICU staff, to the city of Wuhan. Among them, over 3,000 doctors and nurses are intensive care specialists, Guo Yanhong, an official with the National Health Commission, told media here. ""We are fully aware of the urgent need for ICU professionals in Wuhan. The current medics have been working for quite a long time and are exhausted both physically and mentally,"" Guo said. The World Health Organisation chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus on Friday said the world was running out of masks and other protective equipment against the novel coronavirus. China is doing a good job on its fight against the deadly coronavirus that has taken the lives of large number of people, President Donald Trump has said, adding that the United States was helping them out. ""China is working very hard. Late last night, I had a very good talk with President Xi and we talked mostly about the coronavirus,"" Trump told reporters at the White House on Friday. ""I think they are doing a very professional job."" The Chinese, Trump said, were in touch with the World Health Organization and also the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. ""We're working together,"" he said . ""I had a great conversation last night with President Xi. It's a tough situation. I think they're doing a very good job."" Asked if he is concerned about its potential impact on global economy, Trump said: ""I think that China will do a very good job."" According to US Health Secretary Alex Azar, there have been 12 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus in the United States, including two cases of transmission to people who had not recently been in China. The US has offered to send world-class experts to China to assist them, Azhar said. According to him, the US has implemented temporary quarantines of its citizens who have recently been to China's Hubei province, the epicentre of the virus, and have asked for voluntary, self-monitoring quarantines for people who have recently been elsewhere in mainland China."|coronavirus, China, reported, cases, people, confirmed, Wuhan, died, death, virus, health, Saturday, discharged, medical, Health, Friday, man, foreign, Chinese, ministry|death,virus,health,confirmed,medical|commission,taiwan,wuhan,gansu,ghebreyesus,disease,lhasa,adhanom,agricultural,university,health,white,donald,beijing,yanhong,york,singapore,united,shannan,us,icu,wenliang,hubei,li,guo,and,japan,prevention,alex,azhar,japanese,morning,xinhua,heilongjiang,house,pakistanis,s,tokyo,for,kong,times,australians,tibet,naqu,hospital,american,henan,of,new,south,macau,hong,based,cgtn,34,central,shigatse,center,chinese,organization,it,azar,china,states,post,organisation,xi,jinyintang,national,world,tedros,trump,control|1581164220
5e3fab0a7789d687c1b75932|"Tass, 26 January. The Border Service in the blagoveshinsk region of Amur state, which borders China, will return Chinese citizens to the Republic in case of suspicion of new diseases A coronavirus. The regional government information service reported on Sunday. Customs and airport of blagoveshinsk) carry out close inspection at the crossing point, and the staff are equipped with thermometers. The blagoveshinsk customs will conduct double checks: experts will first assess the condition of the personnel on each new bus and then at the border crossing. ""Chinese citizens will return to Heihe after being suspected of infection, while Russians plan to place them in isolation centers and then be hospitalized in the boxing section of the infected hospital."" The news said. It is understood that since the beginning of the year, more than 70000 people have been inspected at the health and quarantine station. More than 9000 Chinese citizens have entered the country and some 4000 tourists have returned from Southeast Asian countries and China. After visiting China, five people were found to have coronavirus infection and three were not confirmed. The results of the other two projects will be published soon. ""A high level of alert has been put in place and the approved work plan is being implemented."" About All municipalities and departments have been advised and instructed. The main measure today is not to go to China. It is reported that tour operators in the region have suspended sending tour groups to Chinese sanatoriums. It also recommends that citizens not visit southeast Asian countries such as Thailand and Vietnam. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown type of pneumonia had broken out in Wuhan, a commercial and industrial center with a large population. More than 11 million people The pathogen of the disease - Colorado virus 2019-ncov-7 January. Colorado virus 2019-ncov has also been found in Japan, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, the United States and Vietnam. At present, there are 2027 confirmed cases and 57 deaths in China."|China, Chinese, citizens, blagoveshinsk, people, 2019, January, region, return, Republic, coronavirus, reported, crossing, infection, plan, place, Asian, countries, found, confirmed|citizens,plan,found,blagoveshinsk,Asian|amur,thailand,wuhan,service,health,vietnam,republic,world,singapore,united,heihe,japan,border,colorado,of,korea,southeast,asian,russians,chinese,organization,china,states|1580062453
5e3e9abb76c6e08a821bd102|"The new coronavirus, first discovered in Wuhan, China, is known to have infected at least more than 7800 people and killed 170 people on Thursday, January 30, 2020. In this context, British Airways and Lufthansa decided to suspend civil aviation flights with China. At the same time, many Chinese cities are under siege and people are being asked to stay at home. In this regard, Lagarde, a French journalist based in Beijing from France radio RFI of Taiwan, sent back his report and the recording of his interview with some French citizens currently living in China. According to the RFI French correspondent in Beijing, the school's opening date has been postponed. The class is at home, and the homework is delivered directly to the teacher through wechat wechat. Like many schools in China's capital, French international schools in Beijing now use distance learning for teachers and parents to take care of their children as much as possible. The service of food and beverage Express has not been interrupted, which is lucky for Robinson style life isolated at home. A metropolis of nearly 22 million residents is now a resort in winter. Virginia, a French mother, described her current life as follows: ""on the first day, the children stayed at home. After that, we decided to send our children to our parents' home in Italy. When I went out, I noticed that it was very empty. There are several people in the shop. It gives people a strong feeling, because there are 8 lanes on the road, it is really empty, there is no car. "" Our French correspondent noticed that dogs could still be heard in the courtyard of the house, but they could not be seen or were limited to the minimum by passing in groups. There's a bike in the distance, and then there's a bus, but it's empty... People haven't yet gone to work because the Lunar New Year holiday has been extended and the traffic jams on the main roads in Beijing have disappeared. People no longer go out, and the air in the Chinese capital has never been able to breathe so smoothly. The above is the main content of the report from the Chinese capital sent by our French based RFI in Beijing."|French, people, home, Beijing, China, Chinese, RFI, capital, children, empty, decided, based, report, correspondent, wechat, schools, distance, parents, life, noticed|noticed,capital,children,based,Beijing|france,british,lufthansa,wuhan,lagarde,rfi,taiwan,chinese,french,airways,italy,china,lunar,robinson,virginia,year,new,express,beijing,s|1580385360
5e3fbce08b626a2f83fcac78|In the past 24 hours alone, Chinese doctors have found nearly 800 new cases of coronavirus infection. It is reported that 137 people are seriously ill at present. In China, there are 275000 people under the supervision of doctors Patient. The death of 80 people has been officially confirmed. According to the Ministry of health of Belarus, koloviros 2019 ncov, because of the news that China has isolated the whole city, has not yet arrived in Belarus. Belarusians returning from Shanghai were hospitalized in Minsk infectious diseases hospital and suffered from influenza. Chinese head of state Xi Jinping acknowledged at a special meeting of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party that the spread of the deadly coronal disease has accelerated. There have been reports that Chinese doctors have clarified the symptoms of the new coronavirus.|Chinese, doctors, people, coronavirus, China, Belarus, past, 24, hours, found, 800, cases, infection, reported, 137, ill, present, 275000, supervision, Patient|ill,found,137,doctors,275000|belarusians,the,chinese,party,jinping,china,bureau,xi,belarus,of,minsk,political,communist,ministry,shanghai|1580103600
5e41559dcae8370994363d36|"TAP chairman Miguel Frasquilho said today that the airline is monitoring the outbreak of coronavirus pneumonia and is prepared to react. ""The TAP does not fly directly to China, but it is clear that we are attentive to monitoring the problem,"" said Miguel Frasquilho to journalists in statements in the margins of the christening ceremony of the new aircraft A320, which was named after the poet Jose Carlos Ary dos Santos. ""We follow all the recommendations very carefully. We will be prepared to react,""he added. China has elevated to 132 dead and more than five.900 infected the balance of victims of the new coronavirus detected at the end of the year in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province (centre). Nearly six.000 confirmed infections show that the number of people affected during the epidemic of Acute Severe Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which reached 5.327 persons between November 2002 and August of 2003, has already been exceeded in China, according to official data. In addition to mainland China, cases of infection have been reported in Macao, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Japan, South Korea, the United States, Singapore, Vietnam, Nepal, Malaysia, Australia, Canada, Germany, France and the United Arab Emirates. As regards the entry of the air carrier into the stock exchange, Miguel Frasquilho only said that this will happen when the time is right. ""It is known that it is one of the goals that will probably happen [the grant entry], but nothing is written that will force it to be this year or the next,"" he added. During the christening ceremony of the new aeroplane of TAP, which featured musical moments by Fernando Tordo and Simone de Oliveira, Miguel Frasquilho emphasised the importance of Ary dos Santos in the Portuguese cultural landscape, thus justifying the choice of the name for the aircraft. ""Ary dos Santos marked indelibly Portugal Yeah. The name of the poet will fly even further, it will fly even higher"", he stressed. According to TAP, ""dozens of aircraft were ordered from Airbus, between A330neo, A321neo and A320neo, for medium- and long-haul flights, which began to arrive at 2018"". The TAP network currently covers 90 destinations in 36 countries worldwide, operating on average around 3.000 flights a week, with a fleet of 106 aircraft: 85 Airbus and 21 serving TAP Express, the company's trade mark for its regional network."|TAP, Miguel, Frasquilho, China, aircraft, fly, Ary, dos, Santos, monitoring, coronavirus, prepared, react, christening, ceremony, poet, added, year, United, entry|ceremony,added,dos,TAP,Ary|carlos,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,frasquilho,portuguese,nepal,malaysia,airbus,portugal,oliveira,vietnam,australia,ary,france,de,singapore,united,dos,miguel,hubei,japan,yeah,santos,a330neo,kong,jose,macao,a320,arab,emirates,tordo,fernando,south,a321neo,korea,express,hong,tap,canada,china,states,simone,province|1580307840
5e3e6542a6201cadba7c80a5|"The pictures look like stills from a Hollywood movie -- haunted-looking people in airports, surgical masks clamped to their faces, flimsy shields against the latest virus that threatens the world. The epicentre may be Wuhan, in China, where the virus was identified in early December, but cases of the deadly Coronavirus have been reported in over a dozen countries across the world, from Australia to the US, to Germany and Sri Lanka. In China, as of January 28, there have been 106 confirmed deaths. The virus, according to Chinese scientists, likely originates from bats with over a decade's worth of research showing that Coronaviruses in bats can cause human pandemics with unusual alacrity. This novel (as in new) Coronavirus, some scientists argue, might be even more dangerous to humans than others such as SARS, the viral respiratory disease that caused hundreds of deaths around the world in eight or so months from 2002 to 2003. In India, three people were kept under observation in a Delhi hospital for possibly contracting the Coronavirus. The superintendent at the Delhi hospital told reporters that the men under observation had respiratory problems and had contracted coughs, colds and fevers. Other patients in hospitals from Jaipur to Kerala have also been kept under observation. A single case in neighbouring Nepal was reported on January 24. Government authorities say they are being vigilant, running thousands of checks on travellers from the many countries in which people have been affected by Coronaviruses, but some experts have called into question the preparedness of the country's medical system to deal with any extensive outbreak. Many have been critical of the Chinese government's response, which has veered from lackadaisical in December, when it claimed the Coronavirus was not being spread through people to people contact, to panicked now as it has effectively put tens of millions of people in quarantine . A few hundred Indians, mostly medical students, are currently in Wuhan. According to a tweet by Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Raveesh Kumar, a plan is being put together to evacuate Indian nationals, though a waiting Air India passenger jet had, at the time of writing, yet to be dispatched. Other countries, including Japan and the US, have also made plans to evacuate their nationals. Any 'rescue' plan, though, needs to be sanctioned by Chinese authorities, since Wuhan has been sealed off from the rest of the country. On January 27, a man died in Beijing, the first fatality in the Chinese capital. In response to the Coronavirus, many countries have recommended that their nationals not travel to China. The health ministry has recommended that non-essential travel to China be postponed and that Indians in China should ""follow simple public health measures"", including frequent hand-washing and covering their mouths when coughing. Despite fears expressed about Indian preparedness, the authorities in various states insist they are taking necessary precautions. Union health minister Harsh Vardhan pointed out that despite scares and some hundreds of patients being tested and observed, there had still not been any report of a verified case of the Coronavirus in India. This may be premature, given the rate at which countries around the world are reporting incidences. Nonetheless, the death toll has, so far, been confined to China, with the fatality rate remaining steady at less than three per cent. The Centre has also set up a 24-hour helpline, and has been thermal screening passengers at select airports. But the government admits it is also reliant on people -- particularly those who have travelled to China -- monitoring symptoms that are quite broad and can easily be mistaken for a regular cold, cough or respiratory illness, not uncommon in India, particularly in the pollution-ridden cities of the north . The advice given by authorities such as the National Disaster Management Authority has been broad and bland, encouraging good personal hygiene and attention to diet, exercise and sleep patterns. Such advice is evidence that the authorities do not yet fully understand the novel Coronavirus. Work on a vaccine has begun, with the hope that experience gained in dealing with SARS will hasten the process. Even in a best-case scenario, though, any putative vaccine would take months to develop. As of now, the World Health Organization has stopped short of describing the Coronavirus as an international public health emergency, though it acknowledged that its previous assessment of the risk posed internationally was understated. Google trends have shown that while international interest in the Coronavirus has led to much internet browsing, people in Australia, Canada, India and the US, in particular, have been confusing or associating the virus with Corona beer, with searches for 'Coronavirus beer', 'Corona virus beer', and 'Virus Corona beer' spiking spectacularly over the past couple of weeks. Perhaps, a weak smile is still the only appropriate response to worldwide apprehension. Alarmingly, a new global health security index, released in October 2019, suggested that ""not a single country in the world is fully prepared to handle an epidemic or pandemic"". India scored above the global average, although not as highly as developed economies, and still its score was only 46.5 out of a possible 100. We are, the Chinese experience has shown, uniquely vulnerable to the Coronavirus, with people to people contact across international borders facilitating the contagion. As China is finding out, quarantining a country is nigh on impossible."|Coronavirus, people, China, India, virus, world, countries, Chinese, authorities, health, country, beer, --, Wuhan, January, respiratory, observation, case, response, nationals|health,virus,country,authorities,respiratory|wuhan,delhi,google,affairs,nepal,health,jaipur,vardhan,coronaviruses,kerala,sars,australia,beijing,world,germany,india,us,coronavirus,japan,sri,raveesh,external,union,virus,hollywood,kumar,of,management,ministry,centre,indian,corona,harsh,disaster,chinese,organization,indians,china,canada,authority,national,air,lanka|1580415540
5e3d9aed809af6ba029e00a4|"World map Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Royal Society will win the ""giant killer"" award from the king's cup, and another match will be held between the second most popular team - Athletics and Granada - Royal Society - milandez on February 13 this year. At the same time on March 4 It is reported that on February 12, it will be athletic Granada, and on March 5, it will be carmenes at 9 p.m. Luis aragorns Hall of the football city presided over the semi-final draw of the COE championship. It was a draw and many people were absent, such as the last World Cup champion (Valencia), the Spanish Super Champion (Real Madrid) or the club where the king's cup is often in their window (Barcelona). All three have been stoned in the room, and their executioners will fight insect disease with a team from the second division (milandas). The draw turned out to be a real society - mirandez and an Atlic Granada. But there have been new developments in the last few rounds The final is over. There are so many joys and surprises in this edition. Royal Society, only one cup in its palm, dreams of going to the end. Also, after the elimination of Zidane Real Madrid The donozera will welcome a Milan man who wants to make history He was on a par with the 2012 Gestapo, when he made it to the semi-finals, but he fell in front of the lions, so he took a deep breath of revenge."|Madrid, Royal, Society, cup, Granada, draw, World, king, team, February, March, semi, final, Real, map, win, giant, killer, award, match|killer,final,match,draw,March|world,granada,madrid,society,athletics,real,zidane,champion,super,gestapo,atlic,also,cup,royal,milan,spanish,coe|1581136860
5e3fa7447789d687c1b757aa|Tass, February 4. Brent crude oil futures fell 4.9% to US $53.98 per barrel in April 2020 when bidding on the London Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2006, unpaid assessed contributions amounted to $103.8 million. Brent's last price was below $54 per barrel, January 3, 2019. The pressure of oil price continues to promote the new corona brand oil in China. Against the backdrop of declining economic activity and tourism, oil demand fell by 20%, or 3 million barrels. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded an outbreak of coronary pneumonia in Wuhan, Hubei Province. There are thousands of foreigners in 11 million isolated industrial centers, and other countries are evacuating their nationals. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. The World Health Organization recognizes that pneumonia is an international emergency.|oil, million, Brent, fell, barrel, December, price, 2019, China, pneumonia, countries, Tass, February, crude, futures, 4.9%, 53.98, April, 2020, bidding|4.9%,Tass,pneumonia,crude,futures|stock,russia,world,wuhan,us,chinese,hubei,organization,china,health,brent,london,exchange,s|1580797392
5e414810b727ac2cbdecead8|"The San Joao University Hospital Center (CHUSJ) in Oporto has an isolation zone ready to receive possible patients infected with the new coronavirus detected in Wuhan, China. If a case is diagnosed in the North region, the main concern of the medical team is to contain the spread of the virus and for that there are already mechanisms in place. First of all, a patient possibly infected with the virus will not enter through the main door, but through a special passage from the hospital's infectious disease service. On the path leading from the door to the isolation room, there are several color lines that transmit different orders, more or less like a light. The green stripes mean a clean area, and that's the way to circulate who isn't infected. Yellow is a transition area (for example for doctors who have just examined a patient) and red means that we are in an infected zone. Before the end of the hall, we arrive at the division that is equipped to accommodate possible patients for as long as necessary. Not nearly two metres away, there is a small room where it is imperative that doctors and nurses (or any professional who comes into contact with an infected patient) equip themselves with gloves, waterproof suits, visors and masks. And there is another small division, right next to it, where after each examination the equipment is discarded, which will not be used again. On the walls are step-by-step instructions of what the professional should do (and not do), remembering that he will never be alone and that he will be supervised by another person who will make sure everything is accomplished. It was in this room that the man who was sent to St John's Hospital last Friday because he suspected he might be infected. This was the second suspected case of infection in Portugal and ended up testing negative, like the rest of them. Yeah. In a guided tour of the PUBLIC, the Director of the Infectious Diseases Service (SDI), Antonio Sarmento, explains that there is a specific procedure for when the hospital receives a suspicious case of the virus, emphasising that each case must always be validated first by the Directorate General for Health (DGS). ""The patient is transported by a team already prepared to the premises and, until proven otherwise, we will address it as an infection case according to the criteria defined by the World Health Organisation and the DGS,"" he says. Although there is only one room for possible cases of infection, the Director of the SDI states that if there is more suspicion, other divisions in that hospital wing will have to be activated. ""It is a difficult time because the hospital is full, but if it is an emergency situation, measures must be implemented to the extent,"" he explains. Margarida Tavares, another of those responsible for that wing, explains that this circuit has been assembled since the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), in 2005, and has already been tested during the influenza pandemic in 2009. On measures advising the population, the infectist says that it is enough to wash the hands often and protect the cough with your arm so that you are already doing an ""enormous service"" and to ""greatly"" reduce the possibility of transmission. Furthermore, the doctor points out that the Portuguese population does not need to wear a mask and mask. that this act may even have a counterproductive effect. ""People may find that they are more protected with the mask and are not so attentive, or they neglect,"" he explains."|infected, case, patient, hospital, room, explains, virus, infection, mask, Hospital, isolation, zone, patients, main, team, door, service, area, doctors, division|virus,infected,door,zone,patient|wuhan,tavares,portuguese,service,north,university,portugal,health,margarida,world,general,sarmento,s,for,hospital,sdi,infectious,san,dgs,antonio,joao,diseases,center,john,oporto,china,organisation,directorate,st,public|1580942256
5e3e6541a6201cadba7c809a|"A man flying from Delhi to Pune was admitted to an isolation ward of the civic-run Naidu Hospital in Pune on Friday for possible exposure to novel coronavirus after he vomitted mid-flight, an official said. The passenger was admitted to the hospital after the flight arrived at the Pune airport in the morning, an Air India official said. ""The passenger was traveling from Delhi to Pune on Air India flight. He complained of nausea and vomitted on board. After the plane landed at the Pune airport, he was immediately isolated and shifted to Naidu Hospital,"" the official said. According to the Pune Airport authorities, the flight was sanitized later. Naidu Hospital is one of the three hospitals in Maharashtra, where quarantine facilities have been set up to deal with suspected cases of coronavirus. No confirmed case of the deadly virus, which has so far killed 630 people in China, has been detected in Maharashtra yet. The virus - which first emerged in Wuhan city in China's central Hubei province - has spread to 25 countries, including India (three confirmed cases have been reported from Kerala), the US and the UK."|Pune, flight, Naidu, Hospital, official, India, Delhi, admitted, coronavirus, vomitted, passenger, airport, Air, Maharashtra, cases, confirmed, virus, China, man, flying|virus,Naidu,admitted,cases,airport|india,airport,hospital,wuhan,delhi,us,hubei,pune,naidu,china,uk,kerala,air,maharashtra,s|1581021600
5e40ce8ec0fe4e1400def445|The federal government has been warning of travel to the central Chinese province of Hubei, from which the new Coronavirus is spreading. Until now, the Foreign Office had only advised against travel to the region around the million-dollar city of Wuhan. According to the Foreign Office, there are Germans and relatives in the region 90. They are currently undergoing an evacuation operation, and the new Coronavirus may cause lung disease, which has already killed more than 100 people in the main country of China. (dpa)|travel, Coronavirus, Foreign, Office, region, federal, government, warning, central, Chinese, province, Hubei, spreading, advised, million, dollar, city, Wuhan, Germans, relatives|province,spreading,central,relatives,federal|wuhan,coronavirus,chinese,foreign,hubei,china,office,germans|1580166000
5e3fa059c7d7d06da7396e51|"Moscow, February 5 - Russian news agency. Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana announced that the national plan for the prevention and control of coronavirus infection signed by the Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, Mikhail mishuskin, includes 22 measures Golikova. Mikhail Vladimirovich misustin signed the national plan to fight coronavirus infection, which includes 22 measures to deal with any disease. ""What might happen,"" gorikov said at a meeting between the government and Russian President Vladimir Putin. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 2400 new infections have occurred in mainland China, 490 of them have died, and another has died in Hong Kong. More than 170 people were ill abroad, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|Russian, Prime, Minister, national, plan, coronavirus, infection, signed, Mikhail, includes, 22, measures, 2019, occurred, China, died, Moscow, February, agency, Deputy|occurred,plan,Russian,22,agency|kong,tatyana,vladimirovich,putin,world,wuhan,colorado,chinese,golikova,vladimir,mikhail,russian,organization,china,health,mishuskin,moscow,hong|1580908260
5e3e9acf912ccc587085387c|"China banned trains and planes from leaving a major city at the centre of a virus outbreak on Thursday, seeking to seal off its 11 million people to contain the contagious disease that has claimed 17 lives, infected hundreds and spread to other countries. Authorities in Wuhan, a major transport hub, also suspended public buses and subways, and said residents should not leave ""without a special reason"". The coronavirus has caused alarm because of its similarity to SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which killed nearly 650 people across mainland China and Hong Kong in 2002-2003. Like SARS, it can be passed among people through the respiratory tract.Wuhan residents shared their anguish on China's Twitter-like Weibo platform, with one describing being on the ""verge of tears"" when the de facto quarantine was announced. MUST READ | 5 things you need to know about the latest strain of coronavirus ""We are feeling as though it is the end of the world,"" said another on Weibo, voicing concerns about shortages of food and disinfectant. ""We really need everyone's help."" Wuhan's train station was almost empty except for workers and about a dozen people lining up for taxis, all of whom were wearing masks, according to an AFP reporter.  The World Health Organisation on Wednesday delayed a decision on whether to declare a global health emergency - a rare instrument used only for the worst outbreaks. Urgency to stop spread The emergency committee will meet again on Thursday, after its chair, Didier Houssin, said the experts were split over declaring a public health emergency. WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said ""more information"" was needed but he also praised China's ""very, very strong measures"" . ""By having a strong action not only will they control the outbreak in their country but they will also minimise the chances of this outbreak spreading internationally,"" Tedros said when asked about Wuhan's transport shutdown. Full extent of crisis unknown Animals are suspected to be the primary source of the outbreak, with Chinese health officials saying that the virus originated from the market where wild animals were illegally sold. ALSO READ | First US patient with China coronavirus is diagnosed in Washington State Studies published this week suggest that the virus may have originated in bats or snakes. The WHO has confirmed that the virus can be passed between people, at least those in close contact, and Chinese health officials said Wednesday it could mutate and spread further. What's more, authorities have conceded they do not yet know the full extent of the crisis."|China, people, virus, outbreak, Wuhan, health, spread, coronavirus, emergency, major, Thursday, transport, public, residents, SARS, passed, Weibo, READ, Wednesday, Tedros|health,virus,READ,Tedros,Wednesday|state,wuhan,ghebreyesus,adhanom,health,afp,sars,world,us,didier,washington,weibo,who,s,kong,what,studies,hong,chinese,china,organisation,houssin,tedros|1579770900
5e46a73b23c17a9ed09fbe75|"The coronavirus outbreak that has claimed over 1,300 lives and infected close to 40,000 people the world over has arguably become one of the worst international health crises of this century. The Covid-19 infection (earlier known as 2019-novel coronavirus or 2019-nCoV) started in early December last year in China's Wuhan city. According to the latest update from the World Health Organisation, people in at least 25 countries have been infected by Covid-19 so far. While the increasing spread of coronavirus outbreak has put all sections of society at risk, the risks associated with Covid-19 infection for pregnant women need special attention. In a recent study published in the Lancet, an internationally renowned health journal, researchers said available evidence so far indicates that the risk of vertical transmission (mother-to-child) of Covid-19 infection might be low or equal to that seen during the SARS-CoV-1 outbreak years ago. The study, published on February 12, was based on an analysis of nine pregnant women who were infected with Covid-19 and delivered babies. The researchers wrote, ""As the Covid-19 outbreak unfolds, prevention and control of Covid-19 infection among pregnant women and the potential risk of vertical transmission have become a major concern."" Analysis of the nine pregnant women infected with Covid-19 and their newborns showed that only two newborns contracted Covid-19 infection after birth. The first case was confirmed 17 days after birth. The child had a history of having close contact with two people who were infected with Covid-19-the mother and maternity matron. In the second case, the Covid-19 infection was confirmed at 36 hours after birth. In this case as well, researchers said possibility of a close contact with an infected adult after birth could not be ruled out. Thus, in the limited study of nine infected pregnant mothers who delivered babies, there weren't any cases of newborns with Covid-19 infections at birth. This indicates that transmission of the infection from mother-to-child did not take place during the pregnancies. The researchers have however cautioned that this is a limited study and though its findings are valuable in the present context, more evidence needs to be gathered. ""Although the study analysed only a small number of cases (nine women with confirmed Covid-19 pneumonia), under such emergent circumstances these findings are valuable for preventive and clinical practice in China and elsewhere,"" the study said. Besides this, all the nine deliveries in this study were caesarean. Thus, the study cannot comment on whether vertical transmission of Covid-19 is possible during vaginal birth. The other limitation that the study faces is that it focuses on women in late stages of pregnancies. More evidence is needed to comment anything on the risk of mother-to-child transmission or other risk factors associated with women who contract Covid-19 in early stages of pregnancy. The study found that symptoms of Covid-19 infection among pregnant women are similar to those noticed among other adults. However, no reliable evidence is as yet available to support the possibility of vertical transmission of COVID-19 infection from the mother to the baby. The Lancet study said pregnant women are susceptible to respiratory pathogens and to development of severe pneumonia, which possibly makes them more susceptible to Covid-19 infection than the general population. This is especially if they have chronic diseases or maternal complications. Here are the general precautions that WHO has advised to prevent Covid-19 infection:"|19, Covid, infection, study, women, infected, pregnant, transmission, birth, risk, mother, outbreak, researchers, evidence, vertical, child, coronavirus, close, people, newborns|study,infected,risk,Covid,child|19,world,wuhan,the,lancet,china,organisation,covid,health,s|1581545280
5e414c257e27cd38d1b1ef55|"Reporting of the emergence of a new virus in a fish and seafood market in Wuhan, a city in central China, has caused international alarm. The memories of SARS and MERS are still fresh, two other coronaviruses. Both deaths that have arisen in the present century have caused many deaths before they were finally controlled. The new virus, which for the time being has no name but causes family symptoms such as fever and breathing difficulties and has already led to dozens of pneumonia, does not seem to have the same potential to kill. Of the infected people already confirmed, one died and was already severely weakened by other diseases. In more than 700 people who have had contact with patients, including health professionals, none seem to have been contaminated. However, The possibility of limited transmission within families is not ruled out, and this week the World Health Organisation has warned hospitals around the world that the new virus may spread, a fear fuelled by the massive displacement of people who will accompany the Chinese New Year celebrations until January 25th. In Portugal, the Directorate-General for Health said this Wednesday that there is no cause for alarm. The Express spoke to Raquel Guiomar, who recommends: ""Whenever someone goes to a hospital or a medical practice and has a respiratory infection, you should mention if you have taken any recent trips, in particular to China, where cases of this virus have been identified."" What steps are being taken by the Ricardo Jorge Institute to address the potential threat of this virus? At the level of the laboratory diagnosis, which is the mission of this institute, we are following all the indications given by international networks, notably by the World Health Organisation, and we are establishing specific laboratory diagnosis for this coronavirus. Yeah. The diagnosis recommended by the WHO was released on Tuesday and we are implementing it to make it quickly available. In addition to diagnosis, we are following other WHO guidelines. In all suspected cases, linked to the source of the outbreak in China, these patients and their products will be tested for the most common viral agents associated with respiratory infections- and of which the institute has a large number of diagnoses, including influenza, other human coronavirus, adenov rus for influenza, and also coronaviruses that were associated with outbreaks at the beginning of the two thousand years and now more recently, in particular MERS and SARS coronavirus. In all these suspicious cases it is also recommended to do a search for bacterial respiratory agents and even other agents, such as opportunistic fungi. So that will be the follow-up. The institute has also implemented a methodology that allows the genome of either bacteria or viruses or fungi in biological samples and will allow us to identify this new virus. What symptoms can cause a person to draw attention as a potential carrier of the new virus? What has been recommended, not only to clinics but also to patients, is that whenever someone goes to a hospital or a medical practice and has a respiratory infection, it should indicate whether they have made any recent trips, in particular to China, where cases of this virus have been identified. And, as in suspect cases of MERS coronavirus, it must be ensured that until the laboratory diagnosis, as a negative or positive case, is confirmed, the patient is in isolation. This evaluation is carried out by the Directorate-General for Health and by the doctors who perform this function. Initial information reported that it had not yet been confirmed that the virus could be transmitted between humans. Yeah. Meanwhile, there was the case of that person who did not pass through the market in Wuhan, where the outbreak would have started, and yet contracted the virus. After all, can there be human to human transmission?"|virus, cases, diagnosis, China, Health, respiratory, coronavirus, MERS, potential, people, confirmed, patients, laboratory, institute, recommended, agents, human, market, Wuhan, caused|virus,MERS,respiratory,patients,institute|wuhan,health,portugal,sars,world,general,year,who,for,institute,jorge,guiomar,ricardo,new,express,mers,chinese,china,organisation,directorate,raquel|1579124813
5e3fbb548b626a2f83fcac5d|In the past 24 hours, 46 people have died in 2019 ncov. Data provided by the Ministry of health. Photo from mirror.co.uk is an illustration Since the outbreak of the epidemic, 259 people have lost their lives. According to the data of the World Health Organization, the organization has recognized the outbreak of Colorado 2019 ncov as an international emergency in China, So far, only in China have people died. As of Friday, 11791 cases of coronavirus infection had been confirmed, according to Chinese medical experts. It is reported that 1795 people are seriously ill. According to Yulia borodon, press secretary of the Ministry of health of Belarus, 74 people are suspected of contracting Colorado virus 2019 ncov（ Six are Ukrainians and the rest are Belarusians. Previously, the Ministry of health of Belarus reported that korolavilos 2019 ncov, as the company isolated some cities in China, has not yet arrived in China. Belarusians returning from Shanghai were hospitalized in Minsk infectious diseases hospital and suffered from influenza. According to Vladimir kalanik, a double inspection is planned at Minsk National Airport to identify coronaveros. The preliminary inspection will be on board. If suspected cases of ods are found, they will continue in a separate facility. About Chinese head of state Xi Jinping acknowledged at a special meeting of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party that the spread of the deadly coronal disease has accelerated. It was previously reported that Chinese doctors had identified the symptoms of the new coronavirus. Alexander Lukashenko expressed condolences to his Chinese counterparts.|people, 2019, ncov, China, Chinese, Ministry, health, reported, died, outbreak, Colorado, cases, coronavirus, Belarus, suspected, Belarusians, Minsk, inspection, past, 24|health,ncov,suspected,reported,Belarusians|airport,lukashenko,jinping,yulia,bureau,health,world,ukrainians,belarusians,party,vladimir,minsk,communist,colorado,the,belarus,of,ministry,kalanik,organization,chinese,china,xi,alexander,political,national,shanghai|1580533800
5e4a8f0c8aa963bb00692998|Another 70 people aboard the virus-hit Diamond Princess cruise ship quarantined in Japan's Yokohama have been tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total to 355 cases, Health Minister Katsunobu Kato confirmed on Sunday. The health ministry said that the 70 new cases came out of 289 people tested, bringing the total number of those who have undergone tests to 1,219, Japan Times reported. The cruise ship arrived in Japan earlier this month with more than 3,700 passengers and crew members from more than 50 countries and regions. With global attention increasingly focused on the situation, the US Embassy sent a letter on Saturday to Americans aboard saying that a chartered aircraft, set to arrive in Japan on Sunday, would repatriate those who wished to leave the ship. The US aircraft is set to depart from Haneda Airport in Tokyo on Monday, according to Japanese officials Japan will also cooperate with other countries that make similar arrangements to evacuate their citizens on the ship, Japanese government officials said. More than a week has passed since the cruise ship was put under a two-week quarantine at Yokohama port after a passenger who disembarked in Hong Kong was found to be infected with COVID-19, the pneumonia-causing coronavirus. Japan's health ministry had initially planned to keep all of the passengers and crew confined on the vessel until Wednesday, when the quarantine is scheduled to end. But the ministry decided last Thursday to let passengers 80 and older, as well as their traveling companions, leave before the end of the quarantine after they were screened for infection. Those with pre-existing conditions or who were staying in cabins without windows were prioritized for disembarkation.|Japan, ship, cruise, ministry, passengers, quarantine, 70, people, aboard, Yokohama, tested, coronavirus, COVID, 19, bringing, total, cases, Sunday, health, crew|health,quarantine,70,Japan,crew|19,times,kong,airport,haneda,americans,us,diamond,yokohama,japan,covid,japanese,princess,katsunobu,kato,tokyo,s,hong|1581796440
5e414be77e27cd38d1b1eec0|Over 11 thousand infected and 259 dead, all in China. It is the latest in the outbreak of the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) that has already spread to 25 countries. More than 60 countries have already implemented containment measures, from requiring medical attestations to those landing flights from China to cancelling flights or closing schools, shops and services. The objective is to halt the spread of 2019-nCoV. On Thursday the World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the coronavirus as a public health emergency case of international interest. And even though the WHO has not recommended restricting travel, the number of airlines and countries that have suspended flights to China is constantly increasing. In Portugal, the contingency plan is activated. Firefighters, INEM and hospitals have received standards that should guide security procedures in suspicious cases. The United States has declared a public health emergency and announced that flights from China are only allowed to land at seven American airports, where passenger control will be strengthened. The country also announced that from Sunday onwards foreign nationals who have been in the CHina in the last 14 days, incubation period of the virus will not enter the country. Americans who have not been through that territory for the past two weeks will also have to be quarantined. Iran has cancelled all outward and return flights to China as a preventive measure against the outbreak of the new coronavirus. In a statement, the Iranian Civil Aviation Organisation spokesman Reza Jafarzadeh also announced that measures will be taken, which he did not specify, to transport Iranian passengers in China. At the international airport in Tehran, a group of doctors controls all passengers arriving from the countries of East Asia or regions where cases of infection with the new coronavirus have already been confirmed. Yeah. If passengers with symptoms are detected, they are transported to quarantine centres, Macao's in minimum service. Schools, public services, cultural areas and deportees are now closed, trade is stalled and the two maritime links between Macao and Hong Kong are suspended, and the rest of them are expected to be reduced indefinitely as well. As the Express had already advanced, Macao Correctional Services Directorate announced the suspension from Sunday and also indefinitely of visits to prisoners and institutionalized youth. Many companies have also chosen to temporarily shut down or advise their employees to work remotely. Vietnam cancelled the issuance of visas to tourists from China who represented one third of the total visitors to the territory last year. The government also set up a crisis committee to combine virus containment strategies and suspended all air links with China. However, the country is concerned about the economic impact of the outbreak and, like Thailand and Singapore, already prepares measures to minimise the economic impact of the outbreak in sectors such as tourism or exports. Thailand is already missing tourists from the Asian giant. On Friday the government approved a package of measures, including temporary tax cuts and low-interest credit facilitation to help the tourist sector. Singapore authorities have recognised that the coronavirus outbreak will harm tourism and the economy, but the country has already closed its borders to Chinese travellers or who have been in China in the last 14 days, with the exception of residents with permanent residence or nationality Yeah. In India, which has been evacuating citizens on Chinese territory, passengers travelling to China recently are being watched for the typical symptoms caused by the new coronavirus at at at least twenty Indian airports. The country's Ministry of Health has put together a virus screening plan and strengthened the responsiveness of laboratories empowered to analyse suspicious cases. Some companies with presence or commercial relations with Chinese territory are also taking measures to prevent the spread of the coronary Chinese virus, restricting the movements of their employees to the territory or temporarily closing their stores in the country. Google and others have already announced limiting travel to the country. Amazon's boss, Jeff Bezos, announced that only critical travel is allowed and that company professionals returning from coronavirus-affected regions will have to work from home for two weeks before returning to the company offices. Facebook, Microsoft, Google and Apple are following similar protocols, the latter has already announced the temporary closure of their stores in China.|China, coronavirus, announced, country, outbreak, measures, flights, territory, countries, virus, passengers, Chinese, spread, public, travel, suspended, cases, Macao, 2019, nCoV|country,territory,virus,announced,flights|iranian,thailand,google,health,portugal,aviation,vietnam,world,singapore,united,americans,india,bezos,tehran,apple,correctional,who,s,east,kong,macao,amazon,american,civil,jeff,inem,of,reza,ministry,microsoft,iran,express,services,indian,hong,asian,chinese,organisation,china,asia,states,directorate,jafarzadeh,facebook|1580557825
5e46a8d5135e9a4f6db2d70d|TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese policymakers on Friday braced for a sharp contraction in October-December growth and warned of the hit to output and consumption from the coronavirus outbreak, signaling alarm over a darkening outlook for the world’s third-largest economy. Bank of Japan Executive Director Eiji Maeda said gross domestic product (GDP) may have suffered a “big contraction” in the final quarter of last year due to sluggish overseas demand and damage to consumption from last year’s sales tax hike. “Japan’s economy is expected to continue expanding moderately as a trend,” thanks to robust capital expenditure and government spending, Maeda told parliament. “But we need to be vigilant against various risks such as the impact the coronavirus outbreak could have on output and spending by inbound tourists,” he said. Economy Minister Yasutoshi Nishimura also told reporters the virus outbreak, as well as unusually warm weather that hurts sales of winter clothing, were “fresh factors weighing on the economy.” Analysts polled by Reuters expect Japan’s economy to have shrunk an annualized 3.7% in the October-December quarter, which would be the fastest pace of decline since 2014. The GDP data is due 8:50 a.m. Monday (2350GMT Sunday). Japan is among countries worst affected by the epidemic outside China, with 251 confirmed cases including those on a cruise ship. Some analysts expect Japan’s economy to suffer another contraction in the current quarter as China’s virus outbreak hurts exports, output and consumption through a sharp drop in overseas tourists. A separate Reuters poll showed on Friday the coronavirus epidemic is expected to shave up to 0.2 percentage points off Japan’s economic growth this year. The government decided on Friday to spend 10.3 billion yen from budget reserves to respond to the coronavirus. Finance Minister Taro Aso said the government was ready to take additional steps depending on how big the impact from the outbreak could be. BOJ’s Maeda said the central bank will support the economy by maintaining its massive stimulus program but stopped short of signaling additional monetary support. Maeda’s remarks suggest the BOJ does not see the virus impact as big enough yet to alter its economic projections. But some in the BOJ worry that supply chain disruptions could hurt Japanese firms if Chinese factory shutdowns continue for weeks, sources familiar with their thinking say. Honda Motor Co (7267.T) said on Friday it now plans to restart operations at its vehicle plant in Wuhan - the epicenter of China’s coronavirus epidemic - on Feb. 21, a week later than initially planned. The BOJ next meets for a rate review on March 18-19.|economy, Japan, coronavirus, outbreak, Friday, Maeda, BOJ, Reuters, contraction, output, consumption, big, quarter, year, government, impact, virus, epidemic, China, Japanese|output,impact,virus,Japan,consumption|wuhan,t,7267,eiji,motor,bank,japan,maeda,reuters,boj,japanese,tokyo,s,taro,of,honda,nishimura,aso,chinese,china,yasutoshi,co|1581700080
5e3e653aa6201cadba7c8075|"The Badminton World Federation (BWF) has said that it will not restrict Chinese players from participating in international competitions due to the coronavirus epidemic. Over 550 people have died in mainland China due to the flu-like virus after it first emerged in Wuhan, Hubei province, late last year and it has also shut down Chinese cities and forced thousands more into quarantine around the world. More than two dozen airlines have suspended or restricted flights to China and several countries have banned entry to anyone who has been in China over the previous two weeks. ""The BWF is looking into the implications of these travel restrictions, which may mean players and officials from China will not be able to participate in BWF-sanctioned tournaments easily,"" the governing body said in a statement ""The BWF would like to make it clear... that it will not be restricting the participation of Chinese players and officials, or any other players or officials, at international badminton and para-badminton tournaments."" The BWF said it had asked member associations to contact national health authorities to make them aware international players will arrive in their country. ""We trust tournament hosts will provide full assistance and treat all athletes from all member associations equally... all normal tournament conventions and etiquette will apply such as the coin toss, shaking of hands,"" BWF added. The epidemic has wreaked havoc on the international sporting calendar with a number of tournaments canceled or postponed. Last week, the Feb. 25 to March 1 China Masters badminton tournament in Hainan -- part of the qualifying process for the Tokyo Olympics -- was postponed after some players withdrew. The BWF is hopeful the Badminton Asia Championships could still go ahead in Wuhan from April 21-26."|BWF, players, China, international, Chinese, officials, tournaments, badminton, tournament, Badminton, due, epidemic, Wuhan, make, ..., member, associations, postponed, --, World|tournament,Badminton,associations,international,players|world,federation,badminton,wuhan,chinese,hubei,championships,china,sanctioned,hainan,olympics,bwf,asia,masters,tokyo|1580968980
5e3d05cffec3b035912c9766|"The outbreak caused by the coronavirus Wuhan continues to grow and reach new milestones every day. Germany confirmed on Tuesday four infections of the disease in the country -the first in Europe, which also reported on the same day Japan and Taiwan. Vietnam had done the same weekend. The first transmissions of the virus outside China's borders coincided with a sudden increase in the incidence of the virus within the country. The National Commission of Health of the Asian giant rose to 4,537 confirmed cases -59% more than the 106 Monday- and the dead, 25 more. The increase in one day equals that of the previous three together. Experts are concerned about the information. ""Let there be contagion outside China is bad news for two reasons,"" says Pere Godoy, president of the Spanish Society of Epidemiology (SEE). ""If you open a chain of transmission in a country, there is a risk not to stop in one case. Also lost one of the two key criteria for public health systems to identify patients: that the person has been in Wuhan, ""says Godoy. On the growth of cases in China, the department head of infectious diseases at the Hospital Ramón y Cajal (Madrid) emphasizes that ""shows that the outbreak is still in its early stages."" ""The curve is rising markedly, which means that there is still to reach the peak,"" Moreno holds. The absence of infection outside China has been one of the arguments used by the World Health Organization (WHO) to not declare the international emergency, even if the committee should decide shown divided 50% between supporters and opponents To do it. WHO has changed this week the rating of the virus threat to ""high"" when until last had it in ""moderate"". The director general of the agency, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, traveled to China on Monday to meet with the authorities and to follow closely the evolution of the outbreak. He called for calm and asked the international community not overreact. He also described the measures as ""admirable"". WHO stands at 56 confirmed cases in 14 countries outside China, so far none fatal. France reported yesterday that a Chinese tourist is admitted in critical condition in Paris. In the case of Germany, the authorities stated that the infections occurred during a training course in a company in which Chinese citizen involving a carrier of the virus. The woman flew back to his country on Thursday, where on Sunday he was diagnosed with the disease. The worker had received before traveling to Germany visiting her parents, from Wuhan. In the case of Japan, the patient is a man of over 60 years, bus driver where Chinese tourists traveled. And in Taiwan, a man whose wife returned to Wuhan with the virus in your body. With information Liy Macarena Vidal, Pablo Linde and Oriol Guell."|China, virus, Wuhan, country, outbreak, day, Germany, confirmed, cases, case, Chinese, reach, infections, disease, reported, Japan, Taiwan, increase, Health, Monday|country,virus,day,Japan,disease|commission,taiwan,linde,wuhan,ghebreyesus,pablo,adhanom,health,vietnam,epidemiology,france,world,germany,guell,see,japan,godoy,macarena,y,cajal,moreno,s,n,madrid,hospital,oriol,the,society,ram,of,paris,pere,vidal,asian,liy,organization,chinese,china,national,tedros,spanish,europe|1580248023
5e3fa6f47789d687c1b75785|"Tass, February 4. The epidemic situation was monitored in the Qiuming area, and citizens evacuated from China were transported to the area on the morning of February 5. Vladimir Rabin, general physician of the Russian national health service, announced the incident on Tuesday. Chinese tourists will be brought to Qiuming by two military planes, one of which has already flown from China. According to Tatyana Golikova, Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, 147 people will be transported to Russia, including 10 Belarusian citizens, 3 Kazakh citizens, 1 Armenian citizen and 1 Ukrainian citizen. ""To organize the monitoring of the epidemic situation, establish the medical material reserve and personal medical protection equipment, Rabin said the necessary drugs and disinfectants are on the Department of operations website. According to major general Nikolai olenovi, deputy commander of the Ural military region of the Russian National Guard, Personnel of the Russian Federation's guard forces ensure the safety of the isolation facilities, patrol and protection. ""The Russian border forces are also involved in the inspection of evacuated citizens. The staff of all agencies involved in these activities are provided with the necessary means of protection. About At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, the disease has also been found in 24 countries, including Russia. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 20000. More than 420 people died. Deaths have also occurred outside mainland China."|China, Russian, citizens, protection, February, epidemic, situation, Qiuming, area, evacuated, transported, Rabin, general, Chinese, military, Federation, people, Russia, including, citizen|citizens,Russian,Qiuming,area,Federation|wuhan,qiuming,russian,department,health,armenian,world,vladimir,belarusian,ural,rabin,s,russia,the,operations,of,nikolai,kazakh,tatyana,federation,chinese,golikova,ukrainian,organization,china,personnel,national,olenovi,guard|1580863877
5e40ce7dc0fe4e1400def40d|Surprisingly weak economic data accelerated the descent. The Dax has temporarily slipped below 13.200 points to the lowest level for almost three weeks. He went out of business with less than 2.74 percent on 13.204,77 counters. He then moved away from his record mark at 13.640 points from last week. Since the beginning of the year, the guide index has now been minus 0.3 percent. The MDax of the medium-sized values fell at the beginning of the week by 2,32 percent on 28.133,89 points. In China, the number of deaths due to new lung disease and confirmed infections has continued to rise. This was already on course in the morning in Asia. Investors fear a worldwide spread of the virus with negative effects on economic growth. In addition, there was a surprisingly bad IFO business climate index. According to the market, the valley floor was not yet crossed. Lufthansa's shares, along with other travel and leisure assets, suffered from the fear of the Coronavirus. The airline's paperwork was a 4,33 percent downhill. Weaker in the Dax were only Wirecard minus 5,23 percent. They were paying tribute to their latest rally. All other Dax values also showed minus signs. The documents of the supplier RWE, which were considered to be short-term, were even more successful with a 1-percent discount. Shares in the European chip industry were also under pressure as the Coronavirus spread in Asia. In addition to the Infineon Dax value with a 3,5 percent discount, Dialog Semiconductor lost almost four percent in the MDax and Siltronic wafer manufacturer's share certificates dropped by more than five percent. At the back of the MDax, with a minus 5,47 percent, were the shares of the battery manufacturer Varta, who for days have been suffering from fear of increasing competition Yeah. Across Europe, stock market indices went diving. The EuroStoxx 50 as the euro zone barometer lost two,68 percent on 3677,84 points. Similarly, the French Cac 40 and British FTSE 100 suffered a sharp decline. The New York Dow Jones Industrial recorded one and a half percent lower for the European trade. On the pension market, the circulation rate of less than 0.33 per cent decreased to less than 0.37 per cent on Friday. The Rex pension index increased by 0,24 percent to 144,62 points. The Future Association added 0.42 percent to 174,18 counters. The euro was last traded in 11021 US dollars. The European Central Bank (ECB) had previously fixed the reference rate to 11025 (Friday: 11035) US dollars. The dollar had thus cost 09070 (09062) euro. (dpa)|percent, points, Dax, minus, index, MDax, fear, market, European, euro, economic, business, counters, beginning, values, Asia, spread, addition, shares, suffered|Dax,MDax,economic,counters,values|cac,lufthansa,eurostoxx,future,infineon,york,bank,us,coronavirus,ftse,industrial,semiconductor,50,rwe,s,40,dax,siltronic,dow,rex,british,mdax,association,jones,ifo,european,new,dialog,central,varta,french,china,asia,europe,100|1580079600
5e4154efcae8370994363c71|"The World Health Organisation (WHO) announced this Saturday that it will support the contingency plan of the Ministry of Health of St Thomas and Prince in the event of cases of the new coronavirus being detected. ""The problem is that the country needs help to be ready in time (...) to be able to implement the contingency plan and be prepared for a possible entry of the disease into the country"", said the WHO representative in the country, Anne Ancie. In a communication to the country, the WHO representative in St Thomas and Prince did not specify what kind of help their organisation could give to the archipelago. Anne Ancie mentioned that in Africa there is still no suspicious case of coronavirus, but ""that doesn't stop you from doing intense work"" on the continent. The Government are-tomense has set up a surveillance unit at the capital airport and an isolation space at the main hospital in the country for the management of possible coronavirus cases. ""We know that the Ministry of Health is developing a contingency plan aimed at quickly detecting and isolating suspected cases of the disease so it is not disseminated in the country. It is work that is in line with international regulations,"" said the WHO responsible. Anne Ancie assures me that she is working ""very closely"" with the US government to prepare for possible cases in the country. ""I visited the airport to see the work that is being done to contain the port of entry of the coronavirus in the country. If a case of the disease appears in the country it has to be a case that has come from outside and the gateway will be the airport,"" said the representative of the WHO. The President of the Republic, Evaristo Carvalho, received on Friday the Minister of Health to review government measures to prevent coronavirus Yeah. Meanwhile, the head of state Saint tomense expressed solidarity with the Chinese counterpart and the Chinese people because of the deaths caused by the coronavirus. In a message to Xi Ginping, Evaristo Carvalho said he was ""convinced that, as in the past in a similar situation, the strong and relevant measures taken by the Chinese authorities will have expected effects and will contribute to mitigating the harmful consequences of this terrible disease"". Evaristo Carvalho stressed that ""this difficult time for the government and the Chinese people will be one of great courage and hope in the certainty that under the leadership of the Chinese President the People's Republic of China will be able to overcome this further stage"". St. Thomas and Prince have 17 students in the city of Wuhan, epicenter of the coronavirus. In a statement from the Council of Ministers dating from February 06, the executive determines the establishment of a ""daily communication line"" and the release of a sum for students are-tomense in Wuhan, a Chinese city affected by the coronavirus, indicates a statement from the Council of Ministers. The new coronavirus, which emerged in December in the city of Wuhan (central China), has already contaminated more than 34.500 people and caused 722 deaths in mainland China, according to the current balance sheet of the Chinese health authorities. The epidemic continues to spread throughout the world, with over 320 confirmed cases in thirty countries and territories. The demand for a treatment and vaccine is still being studied. Guterres considered that the new coronavirus crisis needs ""very strong international cooperation and solidarity"". ""We must avoid stigmatisation which can sometimes accompany a situation like this, in which suddenly people who have nothing to do with it are stigmatized for one reason or another,"" he added. ""I think it's important to maintain a perspective that takes into account human rights,"" he concluded."|coronavirus, country, Chinese, cases, Health, disease, people, contingency, plan, St, Thomas, Prince, representative, Anne, Ancie, case, work, tomense, airport, government|country,plan,Anne,disease,government|ginping,africa,people,wuhan,health,republic,world,us,guterres,thomas,council,who,s,carvalho,minister,of,ministry,ministers,ancie,central,evaristo,chinese,organisation,china,xi,st,anne|1581183000
5e43fb155f23719b6c6f6439|Feb 11 (Reuters) - Shanghai Henlius Biotech Inc: * UNDER CIRCUMSTANCE OF NOVEL CORONAVIRUS PNEUMONIA, VENUE OF EGM WILL BE CHANGED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:|Feb, 11, Reuters, Shanghai, Henlius, Biotech, CIRCUMSTANCE, CORONAVIRUS, PNEUMONIA, VENUE, EGM, CHANGED, Source, text, Eikon, company, coverage|CIRCUMSTANCE,Shanghai,VENUE,Source,Biotech|henlius,shanghai,inc,biotech,eikon|1581429600
5e3e9ae5912ccc5870853888|"A second person has died in China from a mysterious SARS-linked virus that has stricken dozens and appeared in two other Asian countries, officials said. Local authorities said a 69-year-old man died on Wednesday in Wuhan, the central Chinese city believed to be the epicentre of an outbreak of a coronavirus from the same family as the deadly SARS pathogen. The outbreak has caused alarm because of the link with SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which killed 349 people in mainland China and another 299 in Hong Kong in 2002-2003. At least 41 people have been hit with pneumonia linked to the new virus in China, prompting authorities in Hong Kong to step up detection measures, including temperature checkpoints for inbound travellers. The Wuhan health commission said 12 people have recovered and been discharged from hospital, while five others were in serious condition. MUST READ | New virus behind China's mystery pneumonia outbreak: state media The man who died had become sick on December 31 and his condition worsened on January 4, with pulmonary tuberculosis and multiple organ functions damaged, the commission said. Two other cases have been detected - in Thailand and Japan - with health managers in both countries saying the patients had visited Wuhan prior to their hospitalisations. Authorities in Wuhan said a seafood market was the centre of the outbreak. It was closed on January 1. No human-to-human transmission of the virus behind the Wuhan outbreak has been confirmed so far, but the health commission has said the possibility ""cannot be excluded"". Cases outside China A World Health Organization (WHO) doctor has said that it would not be surprising if there was ""some limited human-to-human transmission, especially among families who have close contact with one another"". The WHO on Thursday said that ""much remains to be understood about the new coronavirus"" . Not enough was known about it to ""draw definitive conclusions about how it is transmitted,"" a statement added. The Wuhan health commission said one man who had been diagnosed worked at Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, but his wife, who also had the virus, reported ""no history of exposure"" at the facility. WATCH | First swine fever outbreak confirmed in South Korea The woman diagnosed in Thailand had not reported visiting the seafood market, the WHO said on Tuesday. She was reported to be in stable condition earlier this week. The patient in Japan, who was released from hospital, had also not visited the market. Japanese officials said it was possible that the man had been in contact with a person infected with the virus while in Wuhan. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has issued a Level 1 ""Watch"" alert for travellers to Wuhan, saying they should practise normal precautions and avoid contact with animals and sick people. Online censorship The increase in fatalities from the mysterious disease also comes as China prepares for its busiest travel season of the year, when millions of people take buses, trains and planes for Lunar New Year next week.China has not announced any travel restrictions. After the second death was reported, online discussion spread in China over the severity of the Wuhan coronavirus - and how much information the government is hiding from the public. ALSO READ | 51 children injured in chemical attack at China kindergarten Several complained about censorship of online posts, while others made comparisons to 2003, when Beijing drew criticism from the WHO for under-reporting the number of SARS cases. ""Scarier than panic is treating something too lightly,"" wrote a Chinese web-user on Weibo, the country's Twitter-like social media platform. ""It's so strange,"" wrote another, citing the overseas cases in Japan and Thailand. ""They all have Wuhan pneumonia cases but we don't apart from Wuhan - is that scientific?"""|Wuhan, China, virus, outbreak, people, SARS, man, health, commission, cases, human, reported, died, coronavirus, pneumonia, condition, Thailand, Japan, market, contact|health,virus,Japan,pneumonia,commission|thailand,wuhan,disease,market,wholesale,health,sars,beijing,seafood,world,us,and,japan,prevention,year,huanan,japanese,weibo,who,s,for,kong,lunar,south,new,korea,hong,asian,chinese,organization,centers,china,control|1579259580
5e3fac037789d687c1b75988|January 24, Hanoi. /tass/ Vietnam stopped air traffic with Wuhan, Hubei Province, where a new type of coronavirus, 2019 ncov, caused pneumonia. On Friday, the civil aviation authority of the Republic reported the situation. As stated by the authorities, all previously issued flight permits between Vietnam airport and Wuhan airport have been cancelled. In addition, CAAC has instructed Vietnam Airlines to operate on these routes, Contact the aviation authority of China to solve the problem of compensation for passengers who buy cancelled tickets. Vietnam decided to suspend flights after the first two cases of coronavirus 2019-ncov occurred in its territory. On January 23, local doctors diagnosed a 66 year old Chinese citizen and his 28 year old son with new pneumonia. They were part of a tour group and came to Vietnam. They are currently being treated at choray hospital in Ho Chi Minh. The doctor thought the patient was stable.|Vietnam, January, Wuhan, coronavirus, 2019, ncov, pneumonia, aviation, authority, airport, cancelled, year, 24, Hanoi, tass, stopped, air, traffic, Hubei, Province|Hanoi,ncov,cancelled,pneumonia,Vietnam|caac,republic,minh,wuhan,airlines,hubei,chinese,ho,china,chi,vietnam,province|1579868344
5e43fb0e5f23719b6c6f642c|(Reuters) - A growing number of countries around the world are evacuating or planning to evacuate diplomatic staff and citizens from parts of China hit by the new coronavirus. Following are some countries’ evacuation plans, and how they aim to manage the health risk from those who are returning. -  The United States authorized the voluntary departure of its government employees and their family members from Hong Kong on Feb 11. On Feb. 6, two planes with about 300 passengers, mostly U.S. citizens, took off from Wuhan for the United States, the State Department said. - Canada, after evacuating 215 last week, flew back 185 Canadians from Wuhan on Feb. 11. All evacuees will be quarantined on the Trenton, Ontario base for two weeks. - Ukraine is preparing to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan on Feb. 11 by special charter plane to Kiev, the country’s embassy in China said on Feb. 10. Returning citizens would be put into mandatory quarantine for two weeks. -  A second evacuation flight is bringing back another 174 Singaporeans and their family members from Wuhan to the city-state on Feb. 9, Singapore’s foreign ministry said. -  Thirty Filipinos returned to the Philippines on Feb. 9 from Wuhan, the Department of Foreign Affairs said. The returning passengers and a 10-member government team will be quarantined for 14 days. - Britain’s final evacuation flight from Wuhan, carrying more than 200 people, landed at a Royal Air Force base in central England on Feb. 9. A plane carrying 83 British and 27 European Union nationals from Wuhan landed in Britain last week. -  Uzbekistan has evacuated 251 people from China and quarantined them on arrival in Tashkent, the Central Asian nation’s state airline said on Feb. 6. -  A plane load of New Zealanders, Australians and Pacific Islanders evacuated from Wuhan arrived in Auckland, New Zealand on Feb. 5, officials said. -  Taiwan has evacuated the first batch of an estimated 500 Taiwanese stranded in Wuhan. -  The 34 Brazilians evacuated from Wuhan landed in Brazil on Feb. 9, where they will begin 18 days of quarantine. -  Italy flew back 56 nationals from Wuhan to Rome on Feb. 3. The group will spend two weeks in quarantine in a military hospital, the government said. -  Saudi Arabia has evacuated 10 students from Wuhan, Saudi state television reported on Feb. 2. - Indonesia’s government flew 243 Indonesians from Hubei on Feb. 2 and placed them under quarantine at a military base on an island northwest of Borneo. - South Korea flew 368 people home on a charter flight that arrived on Jan. 31. A second chartered flight departed Seoul for Wuhan on Jan. 31, with plans to evacuate around 350 more South Korean citizens. - Japan chartered a third flight to repatriate Japanese people, which arrived from Wuhan on Jan. 31, bringing the number of repatriated nationals to 565. -  Kazakhstan, which previously evacuated 83 people from Wuhan, will send two planes to China on Feb. 10 and Feb. 12 to evacuate its citizens. Out of 719 Kazakhs remaining in China, 391 have asked to be repatriated. - Spain’s government is working with China and the European Union to repatriate its nationals. - Russia said it would begin moving its citizens out of China via its Far Eastern region on Feb. 1, regional authorities said. It plans to evacuate more than 600 Russian citizens currently in Hubei, Deputy Prime Minister Tatiana Golikova said. A first Russian military plane took off on Feb. 4 to evacuate Russian citizens from Wuhan, the RIA news agency reported. - The Netherlands is preparing the voluntary evacuation of 20 Dutch nationals and their families from Hubei, Foreign Minister Stef Blok said. The Netherlands is finalising arrangements with EU partners and Chinese authorities. -  France has evacuated some nationals from Wuhan and said it would place the passengers in quarantine. It said it would first evacuate nationals without symptoms and then those showing symptoms at a later, unspecified date. - Swiss authorities said they hope to have about 10 citizens join the French evacuation of nationals from China. - A plane brought 138 Thai nationals home from Wuhan last week. They will spend two weeks in quarantine.|Feb, Wuhan, citizens, nationals, China, evacuate, evacuated, quarantine, evacuation, government, plane, 10, flight, people, flew, weeks, plans, 11, passengers, back|citizens,quarantine,evacuation,government,plane|taiwan,state,wuhan,philippines,england,tashkent,brazilians,korean,far,affairs,department,ontario,russian,ria,thai,zealanders,force,tatiana,singaporeans,auckland,eu,spain,stef,france,singapore,united,italy,kiev,hubei,japan,trenton,filipinos,indonesia,indonesians,japanese,union,u,s,kong,australians,russia,british,the,britain,islanders,borneo,french,of,ukraine,european,new,south,korea,kazakhstan,hong,asian,canadians,rome,central,dutch,swiss,uzbekistan,foreign,golikova,canada,china,states,netherlands,chinese,brazil,seoul,pacific,taiwanese,royal,air,arabia,zealand,eastern,blok,kazakhs,saudi|1581436500
5e3fac197789d687c1b75992|"Geneva, 23 January. /tass/ The World Health Organization (who) did not declare China's new pneumonia an international emergency, 2019 ncov caused by corona. Who director general teros Adana gebreysu announced this Thursday at a two-day meeting of the emergency private sector Committee in Geneva. Private sector arrangements help to draw international attention to the outbreak of the disease and help to finance the fight against it. It mobilizes the international community to address health-related issues. ""I will not declare a state of emergency of international concern today,"" said guglieus, explaining that it is not necessary at this time. ""This is an emergency in China, but it has not yet become a world health emergency, although it may become one,"" he said He pointed out that the outbreak of new pneumonia poses a very high risk to China and to the region and the world. "" Who knows that 2019 ncov cases occur from person to person, but it seems to be limited to family groups and health workers engaged in treatment. ""HIV / AIDS About Gebreyessus pointed out that there is no evidence that coronavirus has been transferred from one person to another outside China. The head of who noted that the organization currently does not recommend any broader restrictions on ""travel and trade"" with China. However, the committee recommends screening at airports as part of anti-virus measures. Who believes that all countries should take steps, including the detection of new forms of pneumonia in treatment facilities. ""To protect ourselves and others, there are a few simple things to do - wash your hands, cover your mouth and sneeze when covering your nose,"" the general manager reminded Many things are not clear However, he did not hide, for the new pneumonia, there are many things are not clear In particular, it is still unclear about the source of coronavirus and the ease of its spread. Who is working with partners in China and other countries in the region to fill these gaps as soon as possible. "" The general manager believes that new cases may be found in other parts of China and other countries. "" He recalled that the Chinese authorities had taken what it considered appropriate measures to curb the spread of the ""Russian royal family"" in cities such as Wuhan About The president of who thanked the Chinese government for its cooperation and transparency, and recalled that, The gene sequence of the new Colorado virus was quickly determined, and Beijing quickly shared this information with who and the international community. Previously, the WHO situation committee did not recommend the announcement of the private sector system. "" The question is whether this emergency is an emergency of international concern. Our proposal to the director general of who - this is not the time yet ""- his chairman, Didier ussen, said in a briefing in Geneva on the committee's two-day meeting. The private sector Commission recommended that China provide more information on reducing the risk of Colorado virus transmission and make further efforts to identify new cases. China's diseases continue to work with who to provide information on all cases and continue screening at airports. News Revised): 22:53 - Citations expanded and details added in ISIC."|China, emergency, international, pneumonia, general, sector, cases, Geneva, private, health, person, committee, virus, countries, things, information, declare, 2019, ncov, director|health,virus,ncov,committee,pneumonia|gebreyessus,commission,wuhan,russian,health,beijing,gebreysu,ussen,world,geneva,didier,who,s,adana,colorado,isic,aids,committee,organization,chinese,china|1579822044
5e4b5dc22319c47cc7868a99|TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian shares fell and Wall Street retreated from record highs on Tuesday after Apple Inc (AAPL.O) said it will not meet its revenue guidance for the March quarter as the coronavirus outbreak slowed production and weakened demand in China. The warning from the most valuable company in the United States sobered investor optimism that economic stimulus by Beijing and other countries would protect the global economy from the effects of the epidemic. S&P500 e-mini futures ESc1 dipped as much as 0.3% in Asian trade. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS fell 0.65% while Tokyo's Nikkei .N225 slid 1.0%. Shanghai shares .SSEC dipped 0.2%, having gained in nine of the past 10 sessions largely on hopes for policy support by Beijing. China’s central bank cut the interest rate on its medium-term lending on Monday, which is expected to pave the way for a reduction in the benchmark loan prime rate on Thursday. But sentiment was shaken when Apple told investors its manufacturing facilities in China have begun to re-open but are ramping up more slowly than expected, reinforcing signs of a broader hit to businesses from the epidemic. “Apple is saying its recovery could be delayed, which could mean the impact of the virus may go beyond the current quarter,” said Norihiro Fujito, chief investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities. “If Apple shares were traded cheaply, that might not matter much. But when they are trading at a record high, investors will be surely tempted to sell.” Asian tech shares were also hit. Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) dropped 2.1%, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) (2330.TW) lost 1.7% and Sony (7267.T) shed 2.6%. In China, the number of new Covid-19 cases fell to 1,886 on Monday from 2,048 the day before. The World Health Organization cautioned on Monday, however, that “every scenario is still on the table” in terms of the epidemic’s evolution. As China’s authorities try to prevent the spread of the disease, the economy is paying a heavy price. Some cities remained in lockdown, streets are deserted, and travel bans and quarantine orders are in place around the country, preventing migrant workers from getting back to their jobs. Many factories have yet to re-open, disrupting supply chains in China and beyond, as highlighted by Apple. “Lifting travel restrictions is taking longer than expected. Initially we thought lockdowns would end in February and factory output would normalize in March. But that is looking increasingly difficult,” said Ei Kaku, currency strategist at Nomura Securities. Nomura downgraded its China first-quarter economic growth forecast to 3%, half the pace of the fourth quarter, from its previous forecast of 3.8%, and added there was a risk it could be even weaker. Also hurting market sentiment was news that the Trump administration is considering changing U.S. regulations to allow it to block shipments of chips to Huawei Technologies from companies such as Taiwan’s TSMC (2330.TW), the world’s largest contract chipmaker. Bonds were in demand, with the 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield falling 1.0 basis point to 1.578% US10YT=RR after a U.S. market holiday on Monday. Safe-haven gold XAU= also rose 0.18% to $1,584.80 per ounce. In the currency market, the yen ticked up 0.1% to 109.75 yen per dollar JPY= while the risk-sensitive Australian dollar lost 0.4% to $0.6707 AUD=D4. The yuan was steadier for now, trading at 6.9866 yuan per dollar CNY=CFXS. The euro, grappling with worries about sluggish growth in the euro zone, edged down 0.1% to $1.0836 EUR=, near its 33-month low of $1.0817 touched on Monday. Oil prices also dipped. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 rose as high as $52.41 per barrel, before giving up gains to be $51.96 per barrel, down slightly on the day.|China, shares, Apple, Monday, quarter, Asian, fell, epidemic, dipped, expected, market, dollar, record, March, demand, economic, Beijing, economy, 10, rate|economic,Asian,Beijing,March,demand|texas,ufj,taiwan,electronics,wall,stanley,health,eur,australian,beijing,19,world,united,msci,west,ei,japan,covid,co,samsung,apple,semiconductor,tsmc,fujito,street,tokyo,s,u,xau,mitsubishi,sony,norihiro,nikkei,inc,nomura,asian,technologies,kaku,manufacturing,organization,china,states,asia,securities,huawei,treasuries,pacific,trump,shanghai,morgan|1581950400
5e3fbc0b8b626a2f83fcac68|The competition is scheduled to be held in Nanjing from March 13 to 15. According to the International Federation news service, track and field competitions will be held indoors in 2021. In December, a new type of coronaveros was discovered in Wuhan. The number of victims has reached 162.|held, competition, scheduled, Nanjing, March, 13, 15, International, Federation, service, track, field, competitions, indoors, 2021, December, type, coronaveros, discovered, Wuhan|International,competition,15,discovered,Federation|international,federation,wuhan,nanjing|1580358180
5e3e66fdff976e92724b707f|OTTAWA, Feb 6 (Reuters) - A plane evacuating Canadian citizens from China is due to land in the early hours of Friday at a military base in Canada where they will be placed in quarantine, a senior official said on Thursday. Foreign Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne told a news conference that a second airliner would be needed to fly people out of Wuhan, the center of coronavirus outbreak. That plane will leave on Feb 10 and land in Canada on Feb 11.|Feb, plane, land, Canada, OTTAWA, Reuters, evacuating, Canadian, citizens, China, due, early, hours, Friday, military, base, quarantine, senior, official, Thursday|citizens,quarantine,Canada,plane,OTTAWA|ottawa,wuhan,canadian,philippe,canada,china,champagne,francois|1580968860
5e3fab2d7789d687c1b75941|Tokyo, January 27. /tass/ The main index on the Tokyo Stock Exchange fell nearly 2% on Monday, against the backdrop of the continued spread of pneumonia caused by the new Colorado 2019-ncov. Japan's key index, the Nikkei index, reflects the share prices of 225 major domestic companies, which fell to 23372.06 from 1.9% at the end of the January 24 bid. The broader Topix, where shares of all companies fell 1.53% to 1703.96 on the first elite exchange. The main reason for this decline is that investors are worried about the further spread of the virus and its negative impact on the economy. In one day, companies related to tourism, trade and aviation lost the most in Tokyo. It is predicted that incomes in all these countries will decrease as many Chinese leave China for Japan during the New Year holiday, resulting in less traffic from China. Market participants are also actively buying yen, bringing the yen to its highest level in a month.|Tokyo, index, fell, companies, January, main, spread, Japan, China, yen, 27, tass, Stock, Exchange, 2%, Monday, backdrop, continued, pneumonia, caused|27,Japan,pneumonia,backdrop,Tokyo|stock,colorado,nikkei,chinese,china,japan,topix,year,exchange,new,tokyo,s|1580119146
5e3e6523a6201cadba7c8053|"When India evacuated its students from the epicentre of deadly coronavirus in China's Wuhan, the internet was left heart-broken by something else. As Indian students, most studying medicine, boarded the buses sent by the Indian embassy to leave, Pakistani students made videos and posted on social media. In their emotional messages, they denounced their government and hailed India. Imran Khan-led Pakistani government has chosen not to evacuate its students from the country which has, by Thursday, registered over 28000 confirmed cases and at least 560 deaths. Soon, the din on social media grew to request Indian authorities to evacuate Pakistani students as well. The Indian government has responded. Ministry of External Affairs has said that India can consider it if Imran Khan government makes a request. On being asked if the government is planning to help Pakistani students who have been left behind their country in coronavirus-stricken Wuhan in China, MEA spokesperson Raveesh Kumar on Thursday said that for now, the Pakistan government has not made any such request. ""But if such a situation arises and we have resources available, then we will surely think about it,"" Raveesh Kumar said. Chinese health authorities reported 563 deaths and another sharp jump in the number of confirmed cases to 28,018. Outside mainland China, at least 260 cases have been confirmed, including two deaths in Hong Kong and the Philippines. Imran Khan has said that his government will not evacuate Pakistani students in solidarity with Beijing after an official statement from Chinese authorities called other countries 'mean' for imposing travel bans in view of the virus. All 645 evacuated from Wuhan test negative of coronavirus MEA Raveesh Kumar told media in a presser that all 645 people evacuated via two Air India flights last week have tested negative for the virus . The evacuees, which also included seven Maldivians, were kept in isolation at Army Base and ITBP camps. It said that as of February 6, 1,38,750 passengers from 1,265 flights had been screened for novel coronavirus illness but no new case was detected. India has so far reported three confirmed cases of nCoV from Kerala. Three medical students studying at the Wuhan University who returned to India recently tested positive for the virus. Besides, 510 samples were tested by ICMR network laboratories, of which all had tested negative except for the three already reported positive cases. The three cases are clinically stable, the ministry said in a statement. It said that all 645 people evacuated from Wuhan, who were kept in isolation at Army Base and ITBP camps, tested negative for coronavirus. Community surveillance and contact tracing is going on by IDSP for 6,558 persons across 32 states/UTs. The Fourth Joint Monitoring Group (JMG) meeting was held on Thursday under the Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS) to discuss various technical issues, including the review period of follow up required for asymptomatic travellers from China. The Health Ministry in coordination with central ministries and all states/UTs is taking adequate measures for the management of nCoV in India."|students, India, government, cases, coronavirus, Wuhan, Pakistani, tested, evacuated, China, Indian, confirmed, negative, media, Imran, Khan, evacuate, Thursday, deaths, request|government,Indian,evacuated,confirmed,negative|philippines,wuhan,led,affairs,university,icmr,health,pakistani,army,kerala,beijing,india,pakistan,dghs,general,monitoring,fourth,maldivians,raveesh,external,itbp,s,kong,group,base,kumar,of,ministry,services,indian,hong,imran,chinese,joint,mea,ncov,china,directorate,air,khan|1581058320
5e3e9afb76c6e08a821bd17b|"In February 5th, Japan's Ministry of health and labour announced the first batch of quarantine results. 10 of the 31 people were confirmed to have positive reactions to the new coronavirus. In February 6th, the Ministry of health and labour announced the second batch of quarantine results, and 10 of the 71 people who were quarantined were positive. The third batches of infected persons were released this time, together with 61 other people infected with new coronavirus pneumonia found in Japan. The number of symptomatic pathogen carriers in Japan has reached 86. Of the 41 new infections, 21 were Japanese, 8 Americans, 5 Australians, 5 Canadians, 1 Argentine and 1 British. The Japanese quarantine authorities carried out the quarantine of a new coronavirus for 273 of the 3700 passengers and crew members of the ship who were in poor health condition, and had contact with infected persons. According to age group: 3 people aged 20-49, 3 people aged 50-59, 8 people aged 60-69, 21 people aged 70-79, 6 people aged 80-89. 6 nights. Japan held the headquarters of the sixth new coronavirus infection countermeasures at the prime minister's official residence, and decided to prohibit its arrival at the port of Japan on the cruise ship ""Weishi Dan"", which was scheduled to stop at the Japanese port from Hongkong, and foreigners were forbidden to enter Japan. The ship has 1455 passengers and 802 crew members, including 4 passengers and 1 crew member who are Japanese. It was originally planned to enter Naha port on August 8. According to another report, Japan chartered flight 4 to meet Japanese and Chinese spouses and children from Wuhan, China at about 10:10 a.m. on the 7th and arrived at Haneda airport, including 119 Japanese, 77 Chinese and 2 Taiwanese, including 51 children under the age of 6 and 9 elderly people over the age of 60. Four people have fever, cough and other symptoms."|people, Japan, Japanese, aged, quarantine, 10, coronavirus, health, infected, passengers, crew, ship, age, port, including, February, Ministry, labour, announced, batch|health,quarantine,infected,Japan,crew|canadians,australians,british,haneda,americans,wuhan,hongkong,chinese,weishi,japan,argentine,naha,of,health,china,taiwanese,ministry,japanese,s,dan|1581064560
5e43fb335f23719b6c6f645b|(Adds details on Wuhan) BEIJING, Feb 12 (Reuters) - The number of deaths in China’s central Hubei province from the coronavirus outbreak rose by 94 to 1,068 as of Tuesday, the province’s health commission said in a statement on its website on Wednesday. A further 1,638 new cases were detected in Hubei, the epicentre of the outbreak, the lowest since Jan. 31, when 1,347 new cases were reported. The total number of confirmed cases of infection in the province stood at 33,366 as of Tuesday. Most of the new deaths on Tuesday were in Hubei’s provincial capital of Wuhan, where the virus is believed to have originated. Wuhan reported 72 new deaths, up from 67 on Monday. A total of 820 people in Wuhan have now died from the virus. New confirmed cases in Wuhan increased by 1,104, down from 1,552 on Monday. (Reporting by Ryan Woo Editing by Chris Reese and Bill Berkrot)|Wuhan, cases, deaths, Hubei, province, Tuesday, number, outbreak, reported, total, confirmed, virus, Monday, Adds, details, BEIJING, Feb, 12, Reuters, China|province,virus,details,12,confirmed|wuhan,chris,bill,berkrot,hubei,china,woo,ryan,reese,beijing,s|1581418440
5e40cd034aed7a2c27490f8f|"The number of deaths caused by the new Coronavirus in China has increased by at least 80's by another 24-year-old. A new interim report by the Chinese authorities also shows that the total number of registered disease cases has now increased to more than 2.700. The previous number was still around 2.000 diseases. The Chinese authorities are trying to stop the spread of the virus by means of drastic travel restrictions. In addition to the millions of metropolises of Wuhan, from where the disease wave originated, the entire central Chinese province of Hubei is now under quarantine, affecting around 56 million people. As a further measure, major events were cancelled and fever controls introduced. In order to limit contact between people, China extended the holiday to Chinese New Year's Eve by three more days until Sunday. In Beijing, universities, schools and kindergartens remain closed for the time being beyond the end of the New Year's holidays. The two largest amusement parks in Hong Kong, Disneyland and Ocean Park, closed their gates. On Sunday, the trade in wild animals was also banned throughout the People's Republic. The Beijing authorities sent text messages to mobile phone users in the Chinese capital urging them not to shake hands to welcome them. At the end of 2019, the Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organisation (WHO) a frequency of pneumonia of unclear cause in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Already a week later, Chinese researchers identified a novel virus as the cause of the disease. It belongs to the group of Coronavires Yeah. A few days later, a group around the virologist Christian Drosten of the Berlin Charite published the first diagnostic test for the new virus, which researchers provisionally call 2019-nCoV. The test can be used to detect the virus in the laboratory. As a source of the pathogen, the Chinese authorities suspect a food market in Wuhan, where, in addition to fish and seafood, exotic animals such as snakes were sold. The market was closed and disinfected. Both the respiratory diseases Sars (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and Mers (Middle East respiratory syndrome) are caused by coronary viruses that originate in animals. During the Sars pandemic, in the years 2002 and 2003, about 8.000 people died, more than 750. The Mers virus has infected people from its discovery 2012 to the end of the year 2019 about 2.500, and every third person has died from it. Overall, however, there are several hundred types of coronavirus. Many of them affect the airways and can cause, for example, colds. In China, several thousand people are now ill, some of them, most likely pre-infected, have died of pneumonia caused by the virus. The first infections outside China were known in Thailand, Japan and South Korea. These are travellers who had previously been to Wuhan. I have 21. In January, US authorities reported the first infection in a tourist who returned from Wuhan on the 24th. In January, the first cases in France became known. In the meantime, the first cases in Germany have also been confirmed. Typical signs of infection are fever, cough and difficulty breathing. The virus can cause pneumonia that can end in death. Because it's a viral disease, antibiotics don't help. It is now clear that the virus can be transmitted from person to person Yeah. The Chinese authorities have confirmed several such transmissions after about a dozen medical personnel have been notified. Doctors assume that the virus is mainly transmitted via droplet infection. The World Health Organization, like it does on 24th. January, currently reporting that an infected person in sections 1,4 to 2,5 infects other people. If these numbers persist, the virus is less contagious than Sars and also the virus flu. The WHO recommends to observe general hygiene rules: wash your hands frequently and avoid close contact with people with respiratory diseases and wild animals. There's no way to say for sure yet. The World Health Organization shared on 28. In January, approximately one fifth of the reported cases are seriously affected by the virus, so in case of doubt intensive medical treatment is required. According to reports, the first victims were patients who had some severe pre-existing diseases. Other infectious diseases also pose a particular risk to people with pre-existing diseases, such as influenza. Coronaviruses are known to mutate, so they can change their heritage. This may lead to them becoming more dangerous to humans during an outbreak, but also to the exact opposite. The Robert Koch Institute (RKI) does not currently expect a mortality rate similar to that of the Sars outbreak. The head of the World Health Organisation (WHO), Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, wants to discuss measures to combat the virus at the beginning of the week during a visit to China. I'm on my way to Beijing,""he tweeted in the shortwave service. In the Chinese capital he wanted to meet with government representatives and health experts. In North America, the authorities also confirmed further cases Yeah. According to the US health authority, there were five patients in Washington until Sunday afternoon (local time). On Sunday, two new cases were confirmed in California and one in Arizona. One of them had been confirmed by the Orange County Health Department in Los Angeles that the person had previously returned from a trip to Wuhan in China. Two other cases had already become known: a woman in the sixties in Chicago and a man in the thirties in Washington State on the West Coast in the north of the country. On Saturday there was also a first ""provisionally confirmed"" case in Canada. In Toronto, a man came to the hospital who had also visited the Chinese region of Wuhan before. A formal confirmation by further testing in a laboratory in Winnipeg was still pending, the country's chief medical officer, Theresa Tam, explained on Sunday. In addition to the US, several other countries reported individual cases of infection, including Australia, Japan and France. There was a suspicion in Austria and Berlin at the weekend. In both countries, however, there was later unveiling. The test results were negative, the Berlin Senate Board of Health reported on Sunday. A clinic in Vienna stated that the Chinese flight attendant had not been infected. The government in Tokyo offers Japanese in Wuhan to fly them out of the deported city. The employees of the US Consulate in the Central Chinese City are to be flown to San Francisco. There are limited seats for other U.S. citizens, the State Department reported in Washington. French citizens are also to be brought directly from Wuhan to their home country."|Chinese, virus, Wuhan, authorities, cases, people, China, diseases, Sunday, reported, Health, confirmed, person, disease, end, animals, World, respiratory, Sars, infected|Sars,virus,infected,authorities,disease|people,thailand,wuhan,state,ghebreyesus,koch,america,adhanom,department,north,city,disneyland,health,senate,eve,county,sars,rki,beijing,australia,orange,winnipeg,france,republic,world,germany,berlin,francisco,us,coronavirus,hubei,west,robert,washington,japan,yeah,drosten,year,japanese,angeles,vienna,who,tokyo,s,christian,u,kong,austria,institute,california,charite,coast,theresa,of,san,toronto,new,south,ocean,mers,korea,chicago,hong,tam,coronavires,central,board,chinese,organization,arizona,canada,china,organisation,french,park,tedros,los,he|1580086560
5e3fa76b7789d687c1b757ba|Tass, February 3. The second case of Colorado virus 2019 ncov transfer from human to human was confirmed in the United States. A representative of the Centers for Disease Control and prevention briefed on the situation at a briefing on Monday. According to Reuters, there are 11 cases of new virus infection in the United States. It is reported that the Central Committee against AIDS is now negotiating with Beijing on the possibility of sending American experts to China to fight AIDS. Last week, about 200 Americans were evacuated from Wuhan, China. A plane landed at March air force base, California, on January 29. The Central Emergency Revolving Fund announced a 14 day quarantine.|virus, human, United, States, Central, AIDS, China, Tass, February, case, Colorado, 2019, ncov, transfer, confirmed, representative, Centers, Disease, Control, prevention|virus,Tass,ncov,transfer,human|disease,wuhan,beijing,united,americans,emergency,and,prevention,reuters,for,california,colorado,revolving,american,central,aids,committee,centers,china,states,control,fund|1580775065
5e3fa9c57789d687c1b758b8|"Beijing, January 29. /tass/ China has transferred the new Colorado gene 2019 ncov to Russia. As the Russian Consulate General pointed out in a news release in Guangzhou on Wednesday, scientists in southern China's Guangdong Province have begun to develop vaccines. China has genetically transferred the virus to the Russian Federation, enabling our scientists to develop rapid tests in a short time. 2. Recognize the virus in human body within two hours. Russian and Chinese experts have begun developing vaccines, the statement said. The Russian Embassy in Beijing is discussing with China the withdrawal of Russian citizens from Hubei Province, where the largest number of people suffer from pneumonia; Caused by a new coronavirus. At present, the Russian Embassy in China is discussing with the Chinese authorities the issue of evacuating citizens, Mainly Wuhan City, located in the epidemic center of Hubei Province. The presence of this area poses a real threat to life and health. The Consulate General said in a statement that it was unable to leave the area independently because of quarantine. About ""So far, Russian citizens have been systematically exporting from the territory of our Consular area) the southern provinces of Guangdong and Hainan, the eastern provinces of Fujian and Jiangxi, As indicated in the document, there are no plans for Yunnan Province and Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in Southwest China. "" He stressed that those who wish to leave China's territory can do so on their own under normal circumstances. "" On Wednesday, the Russian Embassy in Beijing reported that it had contacts with 177 Russian citizens in Hubei Province. 120 of them are in Wuhan. According to the latest data, the total number of pneumonia cases caused by the new type of coronavirus reached 6012. The death toll was 132."|Russian, China, Province, citizens, Beijing, Embassy, Hubei, area, transferred, Consulate, General, Wednesday, scientists, southern, Guangdong, begun, develop, vaccines, virus, Chinese|citizens,General,transferred,Russian,area|wuhan,russian,guangdong,city,zhuang,jiangxi,yunnan,beijing,guangxi,fujian,hubei,hainan,guangzhou,general,s,consulate,russia,colorado,southwest,mainly,federation,chinese,autonomous,china,region,province|1580301301
5e414bd27e27cd38d1b1ee80|"China has completed the construction of a hospital with a thousand beds for the new coronavirus patients, which has already caused 362 dead and more than 17 thousand infected in the country and abroad. The information was submitted this Monday by the Chinese authorities. In Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province and epicentre of the outbreak, in addition to the new hospital, a second unit with 1.500 beds is already being built. The inhabitants of Hubei in central China should not return to work before day 13. The resumption of classes has also been postponed. According to Xinhua News Agency, the Air Force of the People's Liberation Army is sending military medical teams and supplies to Wuhan. The restrictions in Wuhan have been tightened. Authorities have decided that only one member of each family can go out on the street to buy essential goods every two days. Other cities remain isolated, with serious travel restrictions. The country also faces increasing international isolation due to the cancellation or conditioning of flights to and from Chinese cities. Since December, cases of the disease have emerged 17.205 throughout China. On Thursday, the World Health Organization declared the virus an international public health emergency. Meanwhile, the doctors in Hong Kong have approved a strike to force territorial authorities to shut down access to China. The measure should suspend attendance at non-urgent services from this Monday. On Sunday, the first infected person died outside China in the Philippines. He was a Chinese citizen, 44-year-old, native of Wuhan. In addition to the mainland of China and the special administrative regions of Macao and Hong Kong, there are more cases of infection confirmed in 24 countries. The Chinese markets opened up this Monday in heavy decline in their first session since 23 of January, says Reuters agency Yeah. A plane from the Portuguese Air Force was flown to Lisbon on Sunday by a group of twenty people, 18 Portuguese and two Brazilian citizens, taken from Wuhan. The Ministry of Health will provide facilities where Portuguese people from Wuhan will stay in voluntary prophylactic isolation for four days and make analyses to bypass the new coronavirus. During that time, no visitors will be allowed. The Directorate-General for Health will issue a daily clinical report on the group and the supervision will also hold a daily press conference to account for the evolution of the situation. New Zealand prohibited foreign nationals of any nationality from China for 14 days this Monday in order to prevent the spread of the new coronavirus. So far, none infected with the new coronavirus has been registered in New Zealand. On Sunday, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern announced the measure, which will be reviewed every 48 hours, and assured that for those already travelling to the country, the borders will be closed upon arrival. ""It is vitally important to protect New Zealanders from the virus, as well as to participate in the global effort to contain it. We are the gateway to the Pacific nations and this was also considered in our decision,""stressed Ardern on the measure, also adopted by other countries, such as Australia and the USA. Despite the ban, The New Zeland Herald reported that flights from China continue to land, although New Zealand border authorities only allow citizens to land from the country. After landing, these people are subject to medical examinations. News update at 8h35."|China, Wuhan, coronavirus, country, Monday, Chinese, Zealand, infected, authorities, days, Health, measure, Sunday, Portuguese, people, hospital, thousand, beds, Hubei, addition|country,beds,infected,authorities,days|people,philippines,wuhan,portuguese,health,zealanders,force,zeland,army,australia,world,hubei,lisbon,general,usa,reuters,agency,xinhua,s,for,kong,the,macao,of,ministry,new,herald,hong,ardern,chinese,news,organization,brazilian,china,jacinda,directorate,pacific,air,zealand,liberation|1580715684
5e3e66f4ff976e92724b7075|KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 6 (Reuters) - The sister of a 41-year-old Malaysian man who attended a meeting in Singapore last month has tested positive for the new coronavirus, the first known person-to-person transmission in the country, authorities in Malaysia said on Thursday said. The 40-year-old Malaysian woman had direct contact with the man, who had returned to his hometown for the Chinese New Year holidays on Jan. 23, Health Minister Dzulkefly Ahmad said in a statement. The woman, who does not have a travel history to China, started showing symptoms on Feb. 1, the minister said. Others in the man’s family have tested negative for the coronavirus. “We are calling this the first Malaysian-transmitted local case,” Dzulkefly said. The man had attended a company meeting at the Grand Hyatt in Singapore in mid-January. At least three people, including the Malaysian man, who attended the meeting have contracted the virus, sparking a World Health Organization investigation of the case. Malaysian health authorities have said people from China including, one from the city of Wuhan, where the virus emerged in December, attended the Singapore meeting. Minister Dzulkefly also confirmed another coronavirus case of a tourist from Wuhan, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 14. Ten of them are Chinese nationals, while the rest are Malaysians - including two who were evacuated from Wuhan this week. (Reporting by Liz Lee; Editing by Alex Richardson)|Malaysian, man, attended, meeting, Singapore, coronavirus, Dzulkefly, case, including, Wuhan, Feb, year, tested, person, country, authorities, woman, Chinese, Health, Minister|Malaysian,attended,country,woman,authorities|hyatt,wuhan,dzulkefly,malaysia,health,lumpur,world,singapore,alex,year,ahmad,malaysians,lee,grand,new,kuala,liz,chinese,organization,china,richardson,malaysian,transmitted|1580979300
5e4147e5b727ac2cbdeceaab|The Shanghai Stock Exchange closed this Monday with a very steep drop, close to 8%, the biggest drop since the summer of 2015. It was the first scholarship session after the Chinese New Year celebrations and the decision to stop following the coronavirus crisis. Although Beijing is trying to contain the negative effects and the Chinese central bank has injected 156 billion euro into the financial system, Investors remain fearful of the economic effects of the virus spreading in China and worldwide. Beijing has confirmed that the virus has infected 17.221 people (17.389 worldwide) and that 361 people have already died in China. Shanghai Stock Exchange had been closed since 24-January, the day following the beginning of quarantine in Wuhan City, epicenter the spread of the virus, and with the return to trading, CSI 300 has plummeted. 9% fell during this Monday, with 80% of titles falling more than 10% and recorded the most marked drop in 13 years on a return to the stock exchange after the New Year celebrations. Subscribe free of charge to newsletters and receive the best of today and the deepest works of the public. Almost all sectors of activity fell and it was between transport companies and brokers that the largest decreases occurred, says the Hong Kong South China Morning Post. All along the way, the market has seen a devaluation equivalent to 358 billion dollars (323,9 billion euros), says the British Financial Times newspaper from the Bloomberg agency. Like Shanghai, the Shenzhen stock exchange also underwent a near 8%, the most pronounced since 2015 Yeah. Despite Beijing's calls, some Chinese technology companies are continuing operations in their factories, such as Huawei, which resumed activity after the Chinese New Year with the largest production in Dongguan, Guangdong Province, refers to Reuters. In Europe, markets are quiet, varying between contained losses and very slight rises. During the morning, Frankfurt had a positive variation of 0.1%, Paris also had a rise of only 0,08%. The same was true of Madrid, recording 0,07%, with Amsterdam (0,09%) and Brussels (0,06%). Lisbon retreated 0,77%, Milan advanced 0,31% and London rose 0,39% around 10h30.|Chinese, Shanghai, drop, Year, Beijing, billion, virus, China, Stock, Exchange, closed, Monday, 8%, 2015, celebrations, effects, worldwide, people, return, fell|worldwide,virus,billion,2015,Shanghai|wuhan,csi,300,city,guangdong,frankfurt,dongguan,beijing,lisbon,reuters,year,morning,s,kong,times,brussels,british,shenzhen,madrid,financial,paris,london,exchange,south,new,milan,hong,stock,chinese,china,post,huawei,amsterdam,shanghai,europe,bloomberg,province|1580727098
5e4147c7b727ac2cbdecea8c|Satellite images of Wuhan show the city in the center of China almost without cars and people and function as a dramatic illustration of the quarantine imposed by the Chinese authorities and their success in convincing residents of the coronavirus outbreak's epicenter to stay home. Planted on the banks of the Yangtze River and prone to devastating floods, Wuhan extends over eight.500 kilometres, almost three times the size of the Lisbon metropolitan area, and includes rural areas as well as an extensive urban area. Authorities have virtually shut down the city of 11 million inhabitants, the nerve centre of transport networks, during which is usually the most busy time of the year, the Lunar New Year festivities, when millions of people travel to the homeland to visit their families. An image of January 28 of a bridge over the Yangtze River shows the road without cars, deserted when compared to an image from the same location as January 12, where a torrent of white rectangles is visible crossing the artery. The most recent image also reveals the absence of vehicles parked in the surrounding streets, among neighborhoods with red roofs and skyscrapers. And even the ships in the brown waters of the river, visible before, are now absent. REUTERS/Planet Labs Inc. In another 28-January photo, about the usual busy city train station, high trains and cars indicate human activity, even though some parts are covered by clouds. Subscribe free of charge to newsletters and receive the best of today and the most profound works of the public Yeah. The number of passengers at the Wuhan train station dropped to a minimum, according to the press, and millions in neighbouring towns were left without transport, after public transport networks had been interrupted to stop the spread of the coronavirus, which is believed to have originated in an illegal market for wild animals. Now, with the death toll of the epidemic reaching 170s in China, and with infected 7.711, there are growing concerns that travel restrictions may make thousands of factory workers in difficulty to return home and work in the week after the holidays, in what is the world's second largest economy.|Wuhan, city, cars, transport, image, January, China, people, coronavirus, home, Yangtze, River, area, networks, busy, millions, travel, 28, visible, train|millions,train,River,area,travel|wuhan,lunar,chinese,labs,lisbon,china,river,year,reuters,new,inc,yangtze,planet|1580394635
5e414c167e27cd38d1b1ef31|"Wuhan, the Chinese city where the first cases of the new coronavirus arose, prepares to temporarily suspend public transport, advances the BBC. The measure is a response to growing concern about the outbreak which, inside and outside China, has already killed 17 people. Residents were advised not to leave the city, and the decision was made to close the airports and train stations for exit travel. Bus, metro, boat and long-distance transport networks will cease to operate from the 10h00 local hours (2h00 in Lisbon) of the 23rd day of January. After the death toll almost doubled in the space of one day, the Chinese authorities claim that the country is now in the ""most critical"" phase of prevention and control. ""Just don't go to Wuhan. And those in the city, please do not leave,""appealed to the Deputy Minister of the National Health Commission, Li Bin, in one of the first public interventions since the outbreak began. The closure of public transport takes place in a week when millions of Chinese are preparing to travel, to celebrate the Lunar New Year. According to the latest update, there are 440 confirmed cases of infection with 2019-nCoV."|Chinese, city, public, transport, Wuhan, cases, outbreak, leave, travel, day, coronavirus, arose, prepares, temporarily, suspend, advances, measure, response, growing, concern|day,prepares,travel,temporarily,measure|commission,new,wuhan,lunar,chinese,li,lisbon,china,bin,health,national,year,bbc|1579723395
5e3e9ad476c6e08a821bd131|"""We agreed to hold a conference call with health ministers from G7 countries to discuss this issue with a view to solving the problem together,"" he said on Sunday, AFP reported. ""It doesn't make sense for each country to decide on its own response,"" he said It is also reported that Dai Yuming, the acting Ambassador of China to Israel, has apologized for the fact that many countries prohibit Chinese citizens from preventing the spread of the new coronavirus as compared to the fact that the Jews had no help in the face of the Holocaust during the two World War. Dai Yuming said at a Tel Aviv press conference that the wrong way to restrict or even ban Chinese citizens' entry reminded him of the darkest days of human beings when Jews were massacred during the Second World War. He pointed out that at that time, millions of Jews were killed, many Jews tried to turn to other countries for help but were refused, and only a few countries, including China, offered to help. The Chinese Embassy later issued a statement saying it had no intention of comparing the dark days of the Jews to the measures taken by the Israeli government to protect its citizens. If the speech is misunderstood, the embassy is willing to apologize. Israel suspended direct flights to and from China. Non Israelis who had been to China within 14 days were not allowed to enter the border at land, sea and air."|Jews, countries, China, Chinese, citizens, days, conference, reported, Dai, Yuming, Israel, fact, World, War, agreed, hold, call, health, ministers, G7|citizens,call,health,days,War|world,holocaust,war,aviv,israelis,chinese,g7,china,israel,israeli,jews,tel,second,dai,afp,yuming|1580680260
5e3fa5f37789d687c1b75723|"Moscow, 5 February. /tass/ A representative of the United Russia party ""drafted a draft law aimed at preventing pharmacies from exaggerating drug prices."" This was announced by Sergei berdov, leader and deputy speaker of the Duma United Russia party. The representative of the United Russia party ""drafted a draft law... Which will exclude the situation caused by the high price of drugstores in the future. Tomorrow, the bill will be considered at a meeting of the Coordinating Committee of the legislative party and the league, ""he told reporters on Wednesday. Proposed amendments to the federal act of 12 April 2010. N 61-fz ""drug circulation"", which manages, inter Alia, drugstores and drugstore networks. President Vladimir Putin of the Russian Federation said at a meeting with members of the government on February 5 that a license should be obtained from a drugstore, In the wave of fighting against coronavirus, the price of personal protective equipment and antiviral drugs has been overestimated. It is incredible that the faction fully supports this position. At the end of December, Chinese authorities recorded an outbreak of pneumonia caused by the 2019 ncov virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, the disease has been found in 24 countries, including Russia. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of pneumonia as an international emergency About The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 23600, and more than 490 people have died."|Russia, party, United, February, representative, drafted, draft, law, drug, caused, price, drugstores, meeting, drugstore, coronavirus, outbreak, pneumonia, China, Moscow, tass|representative,drafted,drugstores,pneumonia,party|russia,putin,united,federation,wuhan,world,sergei,committee,chinese,vladimir,organization,russian,china,health,coordinating,alia,duma,berdov,inter,moscow|1580930049
5e3fa192c7d7d06da7396e9c|"Moscow, February 4 ""United Russia"" will work with antitrust agencies and regional health institutions to develop measures to control the price of medical masks, Anna kuvicko, coordinator of the Party committee of the people's supervision party and a member of the State Duma, said. Prior to that, Mikhail sharchonov, CO chairman of the center for the unification of human rights of Russia, issued a formal appeal to the Federal Trade Administration and the Ministry of industry and trade of the Russian Federation to verify that the drugstore was not in Russia Health care mask and its cost increased significantly. On Monday, the chief executive again called on the federal antitrust agency to speed up inspections. As kuvicko previously reported, United Russia airlines will raid pharmacies from February to April 2020 and record the price of masks. At present, due to the wide spread of Colorado virus in the world and the wide media coverage, the demand of Russian citizens for medical masks has increased. Since the beginning of February, we have started to monitor the supply and price of these drugs as well as the supply and price of antiviral drugs in various regions. About Based on these results, we will work out measures to control the prices of these commodities with the participation of regional health agencies and antitrust agencies. "" Kuvicko said after a meeting with the Deputy Minister of health, Oleg salagayem. She said that the mid-term monitoring results confirmed concerns that businessmen decided to earn income with higher demand. Activists report that among some of Russia's main players, masks are a veritable rise in price, disappearing from shelves somewhere. In the past week, in the context of the reported spread of coronavirus in China, Russian demand for online platform medical masks has increased significantly, Russia's largest online retailer told Russian news agency. For example, the demand for masks in the yandex market has grown more than 13 times. As Deputy Prime Minister tatijana Golikov announced earlier, Russian authorities have asked drug networks and manufacturers not to use the world's Colorado virus for their own purposes or to overestimate its price. Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) on December 31 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, in Central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 204 people were infected and 425 died in China About About 150 people were ill abroad, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. Last week, the first two cases of Colorado virus, both Chinese citizens, were found in the Russian Federation, the post Baikal border region and Qiuming state."|Russia, price, masks, Russian, Colorado, virus, demand, February, antitrust, agencies, health, medical, people, increased, reported, China, United, work, regional, measures|health,virus,Russian,medical,antitrust|salagayem,state,wuhan,qiuming,russian,anna,health,tatijana,golikov,duma,trade,world,united,party,industry,mikhail,administration,federal,s,russia,colorado,of,ministry,oleg,moscow,baikal,federation,central,chinese,sharchonov,organization,china,kuvicko|1580822700
5e4147f4b727ac2cbdeceabb|"The last few months of 2019 were good for Apple. The new iPhone models were highly sought after during the Christmas period, pushing the company's revenues towards 91,8 billion dollars (about 83,4 billion euros) is an increase in almost nine% compared to the quarter to the homologue. In December alone, iPhone cell phone sales generated 56 billion dollars. ""It is more 8% than a year ago"", stressed Apple's executive president during the presentation of the results of the first fiscal quarter of 2020 (which includes information on October, November and December of 2019). ""This is thanks to the extraordinary search for iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max. In fact, iPhone 11 was our best-selling model in all the weeks of the December quarter."" All in all, the product revenue was 79,1 billion dollars, i.e. Apple's products in addition to iPhone (from computers, earphones or watches) generated 23 billion dollars. From here, the biggest slices were for Mac computers (7,2 billion dollars) and iPad (six billion dollars). The results even exceeded Apple's expectations, which had predicted a total revenue between 85,5 billion dollars and 89,5 billion dollars. W Nevertheless, Tim Cook made a point of highlighting increases in other services. It is an area in which the company has invested heavily and whose growth has helped compensate for quarters in which iPhone sales descend, as happened last year. ""We arrived at 12,7 billion dollars, representing a record climb of 17% from last year,"" Tim Cook said about services like Apple Music and Apple Play. The company hopes that over time the value will increase, with the largest bet on Apple TV+, which is the response to streaming services such as Netflix, HBO or YouTube Originals Yeah. For the moment, the service had no ""material impact"" on quarterly results, with the company emphasising that it was only launched in November. ""Let's stay focused on telling stories that matter,"" Tim Cook said. During the presentation of the results, the coronavirus was also topical, with the company admitting that it has suppliers in Wuhan and that the virus can hinder operations in Apple factories in China. ""All these suppliers are alternative sources. And we are obviously working on plans to mitigate and compensate for any loss at the production level,""Tim Cook said, noting that the company has made donations to organizations working in the area. Although the company does not depend on suppliers in Wuhan, Apple notes that many companies, which were due to reopen in late January at the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations, will remain closed until February 10th. Subscribe free of charge to newsletters and receive the best of today and the deepest works of the public. ""In terms of consumer support and sales, we closed one of our shops and many partner shops also closed,"" Cook added. ""The shops that remain open are working at reduced hours. We are taking additional precautions such as thoroughly cleaning our shops regularly and monitoring the temperature of workers."" In view of this, Apple hopes to achieve a revenue between the 63 billion dollars and the 67 billion dollars between January and March 2020."|billion, dollars, Apple, iPhone, company, Cook, results, 11, Tim, shops, quarter, December, sales, year, revenue, services, suppliers, working, closed, 2019|sales,suppliers,Tim,11,services|level,new,wuhan,netflix,11,chinese,music,china,play,iphone,apple,cook,hbo,year,tv,s,tim|1580303974
5e3fa6e87789d687c1b75780|"Beijing, February 5. /tass/ Member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee Yang Jiechi, director of the general office of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, was on the phone with mark sedwell, the homeland security adviser to the British Prime Minister UK authorities are requested not to take discriminatory measures against Chinese investors in the context of pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus. China's foreign ministry announced Wednesday. ""We want the UK side to create equal, open and non discriminatory conditions in its market for the investment activities of our companies."" Website of the Ministry of foreign affairs of China. Officials recalled that the World Health Organization（ We hope that the British side will join us, support Beijing, respect the recommendations of the World Health Organization, and ensure regular cooperation between China and the UK, -Office director summary. Mark sedwell assured Yang that London stands ready to strengthen cooperation with China and will give full support."|China, Committee, UK, Beijing, Central, Yang, director, sedwell, British, discriminatory, foreign, side, World, Health, Organization, support, cooperation, February, tass, Member|Yang,Committee,tass,Organization,Beijing|affairs,bureau,office,health,sedwell,beijing,world,party,communist,jiechi,mark,s,yang,cpc,british,the,uk,of,london,ministry,central,committee,chinese,foreign,organization,china,political|1580901803
5e4155f2cae8370994363da4|"Miguel Matos, one of the rare Portuguese residing in Wuhan, had suitcases packed for the Philippines when he was prevented from leaving, part of a blockade to stop the spread of a new epidemic. ""It takes a lot of bad luck,"" Lusa tells Hubei Chufeng Heli's goalkeeper coach, who competes in the third Chinese football division. I came on Wednesday from the pre-season internship in Kunming (southwest China), just to pick up my bags, and this Thursday morning I was notified that I could not leave town"", he says. ""Highways, rail and air links, everything's closed,"" he describes. We can't get out of here,""he adds."|Miguel, Matos, rare, Portuguese, residing, Wuhan, suitcases, packed, Philippines, prevented, leaving, part, blockade, stop, spread, epidemic, takes, lot, bad, luck|blockade,suitcases,residing,Matos,leaving|philippines,wuhan,heli,miguel,portuguese,hubei,chinese,china,kunming,matos,lusa,chufeng,southwest,s|1579792080
5e3e9a9476c6e08a821bd0ad|"Hubei people are discriminated against, the Central News Agency reported today. Wuhan, Hubei, China is the birthplace of the 2019 new coronavirus pneumonia (commonly known as Wuhan pneumonia). Wuhan mayor Zhou Xianwang said earlier that about 5000000 people had left Wuhan and 9 million remained in the city because of the impact of the Spring Festival and the epidemic. Some of the more than 5 million people in Wuhan didn't know about the outbreak of the epidemic in their hometown until they went out for the festival, and they began to ""seal the city"" on the 23rd. There are many Wuhan people on the Internet who tell themselves about the process of being excluded, isolated and finding ways to return to their hometown. Tang Ying, who works in Wuhan Branch of China Telecom, is one of the ""special diary of Spring Festival"" columns published in the local Chutian city newspaper in Hubei Province, China. He and his family traveled to Guangxi before the new year. On the day of Wuhan's closure, they were repeatedly measured by hotel service staff in the tourist destination, and asked to go to the hospital to check their body at their own expense. After discussion, they only agreed to stay for another night. In contrast, a Wuhan man tweeted on the 26th that he had entered the Sapporo Hotel in Hokkaido on the same day. When the hotel staff knew that he was from Wuhan, they asked him if he was unwell and gave him a detailed medical guide, ""there is no discrimination between words"". After the check-in, the counter staff also took out red envelopes and wished him a happy new year. The netizen said that he was very moved, especially seeing that in China, ""it's really sad that so many hotels don't allow Wuhan people to stay and clamour for them to get out""; he said, ""it's just like home to enjoy the warmth in a foreign country, but after returning home, he still has to worry about whether his mother's embrace in China is to wander around."". The report said that many media called on local governments to properly place Hubei people in other places. According to the Beijing News on Tuesday, relevant departments in Yunnan, Shaanxi Xi'an, Guangdong Zhanjiang, Guangxi Guilin, Shanghai, Hainan Haikou, Xiamen Gulangyu, Hunan Changsha and other places have provided special reception hotels, even free accommodation services, for stranded tourists in Wuhan. At the same time, there are also some Wuhan people who ""save themselves"". On the wechat of the community platform, there are many ""Wuhan compatriots go home group"", looking for local hotels willing to take in Wuhan people. In addition to the Hubei people who travel outside, the Hubei people who work outside also face the different vision of the residents living in the place where they live 。 According to two announcements from Shaoxing community neighborhood committee and sub district office in Zhejiang Province, local residents are encouraged to report Hubei people or ""close contacts in Wuhan"" with bonuses, with a maximum of 1000 yuan. According to the Central News Agency, some netizens wrote that if you want to politely refuse other people's dinner, ""you can tell them that you just came back from Wuhan""; if you want to threaten others, ""you can say that some of our friends in Wuhan are going to visit your home for new year's Eve"". He exclaimed, ""when the year of the rat came, the people of Wuhan became rats on the street."". In China's Q & a website ""Zhihu"" and discussion platform ""Hupu community"", there are people discussing. After the epidemic, they are worried that Hubei people will still be discriminated against in job hunting. Wu Hao, director of the Fangzhuang health service center in Beijing, stressed at a press conference held by the national health and Health Commission Tuesday that ""our common enemy is disease, not Wuhan people."""|Wuhan, people, Hubei, China, local, year, home, city, epidemic, staff, hotels, community, discriminated, Central, Agency, pneumonia, million, Spring, Festival, hometown|pneumonia,Hubei,hometown,people,China|commission,zhejiang,wuhan,internet,guangdong,sapporo,health,yunnan,hao,guangxi,beijing,an,tang,hunan,ying,hubei,hainan,haikou,xiamen,fangzhuang,gulangyu,branch,agency,wu,festival,s,zhanjiang,guilin,telecom,shaanxi,of,xianwang,shaoxing,chutian,zhou,hokkaido,central,changsha,news,china,spring,xi,shanghai,hotel,province|1580390400
5e3fbc4f8b626a2f83fcac70|The il-76md military aircraft was loaded in matulishka. According to the television channel Poole I, the plane will take off on January 29. There are medicines, masks, robes, gloves, disinfection equipment, etc. on board. Alexander Lukashenko ordered that such assistance be provided to China as soon as possible. Other support programmes are also under consideration. There may be major Belarusian medical experts and even ministers going to China.|China, il, 76md, military, aircraft, loaded, matulishka, television, channel, Poole, plane, January, 29, medicines, masks, robes, gloves, disinfection, equipment, board|loaded,board,medicines,plane,channel|i,poole,lukashenko,china,belarusian,alexander|1580233200
5e3fa1c6c7d7d06da7396ea3|"Moscow, 4 February / Sputnik radio. At present, the outbreak of coronavirus should not be regarded as a pandemic, Dr. Sylvie Brian, director of the epidemiology and epidemiology division of the World Health Organization (who), also expressed this view. We haven't dealt with the pandemic yet. We are facing many epidemics. At present, 23 countries outside China have reported cases, ""brin said in a performance on the United Nations website. She added that who recommended wearing medical masks for those infected. In this way, brin believes, they can protect others, because the virus is usually transmitted through air-water droplets. She also stressed that the organization would hold a conference call with representatives of tourism companies this week. On the other hand, Russian President Vladimir Putin hopes that China will be able to overcome the proliferation of new forms of corona. The head of state held a public meeting in chelebov on Tuesday About ""I very much hope that now and our Chinese friends will be honored to get rid of this emerging dilemma."" Putin has no doubt that it is in everyone's interest to prevent the outcome of the fight against the new virus as effectively as possible and let himself know as soon as possible, These results are positive. "" At the end of December, Chinese authorities reported an outbreak of pneumonia among unknown people in Hubei Province. A new type of coronavirus-2019-ncov has become the pathogen of the disease. According to the latest data, there are more than 17000 confirmed cases and more than 400 deaths worldwide. Russian Deputy Prime Minister tatijana Golikov announced Thursday that the government decided to close all regular flights of Russian Airlines to China, except those to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shanghai Hongkong. All flights from China now fly to another airport terminal. In addition, the Russian railway has completely stopped railway contact with China since February 3. Earlier, Sputnik radio reported that the Russians described the fight against corona in Wuhan. Join our TV channel."|China, Russian, reported, February, Sputnik, radio, present, outbreak, coronavirus, pandemic, epidemiology, cases, brin, virus, Putin, corona, Chinese, fight, flights, Shanghai|virus,Russian,flights,brin,cases|sylvie,putin,wuhan,nations,russian,health,tatijana,golikov,beijing,world,united,airlines,hubei,vladimir,guangzhou,sputnik,brian,moscow,brin,russians,hongkong,organization,chinese,china,shanghai|1580821380
5e3fba495e40789c25090a3f|February 7, Minsk / Korr Bleaching powder Almost all Chinese museums open online to let people see their own exhibitions without going out of their homes, the China Daily reported. For example, the Shanghai Museum offers online viewing of the famous Ming Dynasty painter Dong Qichang's painting and calligraphy exhibition (1368-1644) The museum also invited porcelain from Jingdezhen for online exhibition in the mid-15th century. The Museum of Henan Province has opened a virtual exhibition of ancient treasures, and the Museum of history of Shanxi Province has opened an exhibition of ancient ceramics. The Inner Mongolia Museum in Hohhot, China provides an opportunity to learn about the history and culture of the Liao Dynasty (916-1125) Chengdu Museum has prepared online tourism of Chinese cuisine culture. Beijing Palace Museum and China Museum, Hebei Museum and Suzhou Museum of ancient Chinese art, Zhejiang Natural History Museum and Donghuang Cultural Heritage College of China also opened the door for visitors in the virtual space. The opening of the online exhibition is particularly relevant in China, where the coronal 2019 ncov was issued. Previously, Chinese authorities had advised residents not to go to public places in some areas-|Museum, online, China, exhibition, Chinese, opened, ancient, Dynasty, Province, virtual, history, culture, February, Minsk, Korr, Bleaching, powder, museums, open, people|culture,Korr,online,virtual,Province|zhejiang,dynasty,dong,natural,heritage,jingdezhen,chengdu,beijing,history,cultural,palace,donghuang,minsk,liao,museum,s,henan,ming,of,mongolia,suzhou,hohhot,qichang,inner,chinese,china,daily,shanxi,hebei,shanghai,college,province|1581082380
5e4a8fccf6963609bf9887fb|HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - Japan’s economic immune system looks vulnerable to the coronavirus. The country’s GDP contracted by an annualised 6.3% last quarter, and that’s before any effects from the Wuhan outbreak. Monetary policy is overstretched, the yen vulnerable and demand is tepid. It will take creativity and courage to head off a prolonged downturn. The weak initial readings were hit by Typhoon Hagibis and a poorly timed consumer duty hike in October. Although the preliminary numbers are often revised sharply, other indicators are equally concerning. Consumption fell nearly 3% on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Even worse, Japan Inc cut capital expenditures by 3.7%. The upcoming hit to shopping and business sentiment could be even more severe as an epidemic radiates out of central China. Government officials unveiled a $120 billion stimulus plan in December, but it does not appear to have inspired much confidence yet. The final package was hoped to deliver an additional $110 billion in private-sector and other spending on top of government outlays, Reuters reported in December, but that now looks optimistic. The upcoming summer Olympics in Tokyo could be hurt by the virus, too. Rolling back the two percentage-point tax increase might help, but also could send a panic signal. The Bank of Japan, for its part, has already pushed benchmark rates into negative territory. Governor Haruhiko Kuroda could tinker with bond purchases and try to protect exporters with a softer currency. But aggressive easing threatens pensions, punishes banks and adds to government debt already around 200% of GDP, which could ultimately constrain Tokyo’s ability to support its growing population of retirees. Fiscal support will be key to slowing the rate of fall, but if supply chains remain discombobulated and consumers stay home for an extended period, the private sector must pitch in. Unfortunately many conservative executives are still hoarding capital in cheap deposit accounts where negative rates don’t apply. Ministry of Finance data showed non-financial corporations held $7 trillion in liquid assets, including $1.8 trillion in cash and deposits, by the end of September. That money could be put to better use, but getting it into the system could mean forcing banks to charge fees for those deposits, or even tax them. That might be less unpopular than a prolonged recession. This article has been corrected to attribute data to the Ministry of Finance, not Ministry of Commerce, in the final paragraph.|Japan, quarter, Ministry, Reuters, system, vulnerable, GDP, prolonged, hit, capital, upcoming, billion, December, final, private, sector, government, Tokyo, tax, rates|GDP,prolonged,Japan,final,capital|kong,bank,wuhan,finance,commerce,typhoon,hagibis,kuroda,china,japan,olympics,of,haruhiko,reuters,ministry,inc,tokyo,s,hong|1581927660
5e3e9adc912ccc5870853884|"As doctors scramble to contain the fast-spreading coronavirus, a potent brew of anti-retroviral and flu drugs has emerged as a possible defence against the mysterious sickness that has killed hundreds across countries. To date, over 400 people have died as a result of the virus, with tens of thousands infected. But the science is inconclusive on whether they are actually effective and experts say successful treatment could take years.Here is what we know - and don't know - about the drugs deployed against the SARS-like virus. Why anti-retrovirals? Patients diagnosed with the common flu are often prescribed an antiviral drug widely known as Tamiflu. But the seasonal flu is ""very different from the Chinese coronavirus"", said Sylvie van der Werf at the Paris-based Pasteur Institute. Two weeks ago Chinese doctors confirmed they had been giving anti-HIV drugs to coronavirus patients in Beijing, based on a 2004 study during the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or SARS, that showed ""favourable"" responses. Used together, lopinavir and ritonavir decrease the amount of HIV cells in a patient's blood, stripping back the virus's ability to reproduce and attack the immune system. Doctors have also combined the treatment with another anti-flu drug called oseltamivir, hoping the creative cocktail can sap the new coronavirus of its strength. The Pentagon is preparing to house up to 1,000 people at military sites who may need to be quarantined due to the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak | @BISouthAfrica https://t.co/sUDS1ISKnT pic.twitter.com/ab2YoV9bWF In Thailand, where there are 19 confirmed cases, a 71-year-old Chinese patient returned a negative test within 48 hours of being given the three drugs. But Thai doctors cautioned the medicine needed to be given under supervision due to possible side effects or it clashing with pre-existing medications. Does it actually work? In short, we don't know for sure . The 2004 study showed anti-retrovirals used on patients with SARS had ""substantial clinical benefits"", experts in China said. But random trials on 41 coronavirus patients had ""limitations"", according to the research, which was published in medical journal The Lancet on January 24. READ | 10 myths about the coronavirus The researchers were not able to obtain complete samples from the patients' lower respiratory tract - which is suspected to be the target site of the new coronavirus - and there were not enough patients to verify results. ""Further studies in outpatient, primary care, or community settings are needed to get a full picture,"" they wrote. What's big pharma doing? Biotech firms are working on a suite of treatment options. California-based Gilead Sciences said they are working with Chinese authorities on clinical trials to determine if remdesivir - a drug used to treat SARS - is effective against the new coronavirus. Meanwhile three teams around the world - in China, Australia and the Pasteur Institute in France - have now succeeded in cultivating the new coronavirus in the laboratory. READ | Labs worldwide working on coronavirus vaccine That could lead to pinpointing its ""Achilles' heel"" by understanding how it replicates in cells, said Christophe d'Enfert, the institute's scientific director. Hong Kong reports first coronavirus death, second outside mainland Chinahttps://t.co/D7zcgEMKCV pic.twitter.com/cD91lEWkAd  But as of now there is no specific treatment against it, World Health Organization spokesperson Tarik Jasarevic said. ""More investigations and analysis of the epidemiological data is still required,"" he told AFP. So what should you do? The best approach for the general public is to try and ""stay healthy"" so your immune system can offer a robust response to the threat of the virus, said Singapore's health minister Gan Kim Yong. But for already infected patients, hospitals must provide supportive care to prevent complications . ""Chances are if you already have underlying medical conditions... your defences are weak and your organs may already be impaired, and therefore the risk of death is higher,"" he told parliament Monday. Developing a successful solution may take months or years, he added. PICS | Inside the Wuhan hospital built in a matter of dayshttps://t.co/qGUoATNKOd pic.twitter.com/Y8iq3H4qqP Home remedies and quackery But misinformation has proliferated online about home and traditional remedies. A liquid made with honeysuckle and flowering plants used in traditional medicine was initially claimed to ""inhibit"" the virus, sparking frenzied buying in China. READ | 'Measures can ensure suspected coronavirus cases in Africa don't reach SA' - Chinese ambassador But Chinese state media later sounded a more cautionary note, as researchers warned of potential side effects from the medicine. In India, where there are three reported confirmed cases, the government has touted ancient homeopathy and Ayurveda remedies as the answer. The jury is out on the effectiveness, and doctors still recommended that patients be treated in a hospital. Online posts erroneously identified saline - basic salt water - as a coronavirus killer in Australia, while in Thailand social media touted that an antiseptic should be sprayed in a person's mouth. The antiseptic company Betadine has refuted the claim."|coronavirus, patients, Chinese, anti, virus, doctors, flu, drugs, treatment, SARS, don, drug, based, confirmed, pic, twitter, cases, medicine, China, READ|twitter,virus,flu,anti,READ|sylvie,africa,achilles,thailand,wuhan,gilead,thai,christophe,severe,gan,health,hiv,sars,australia,beijing,betadine,france,tamiflu,world,singapore,india,der,lancet,d,s,pentagon,tarik,kong,enfert,respiratory,institute,ayurveda,california,acute,the,van,paris,kim,werf,pasteur,hong,yong,based,chinese,organization,sciences,china,like,jasarevic,syndrome|1580818080
5e43fb4e5f23719b6c6f6462|JAKARTA/BOGOR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia is not hiding anything over the coronavirus, the health minister said on Tuesday, after some medical researchers expressed concern that cases may have gone undetected in the world’s fourth most populous country. While the virus has quickly spread from China throughout much of the rest of the region and beyond, the sprawling Southeast Asian country of more than 260 million people has not recorded any cases so far. Dozens of cases have been recorded in other regional countries including Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and the Philippines, where one person has died, raising suspicions on social media in particular over a potential lack of vigilance in Indonesia. Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, in the United States, then said in a study last week that Indonesia should rapidly strengthen outbreak surveillance and control - especially given that it had direct flights from the central Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the virus. The Harvard team said that Indonesia’s lack of confirmed cases “may suggest the potential for undetected cases” as air travel may contribute to cases being exported from China. The virus has killed over 1,000, with more than 42,000 confirmed cases in China and 319 cases in 24 other countries. Many of the cases outside China have been in people who have a history of travelling to the country. “We have the kits to check coronavirus and they’re certified ... Nothing is concealed,” Health Minister Terawan Agus Putranto said after a cabinet meeting at the Bogor presidential palace outside Jakarta, in response to the concerns. Indonesia has tested 64 samples from suspected coronavirus infections - 62 of which were declared negative with two still being tested, health ministry Research and development agency head Siswanto said during a tour of its laboratory in Jakarta. Navaratnasamy Paranietharan, the WHO’s Indonesia representative, told a conference on Tuesday: “Indonesia has taken concrete measures and the World Health Organization is quite confident that Indonesia is ready to be able to respond to this situation.” Indonesia has barred entry to visitors who have been in China for 14 days and stopped all flights to and from there. Vivi Setiawaty, another health ministry official, said it was unclear why Indonesia had not seen any cases but said authorities were better prepared since facing H5N1 avian influenza from 2005. “We remain cautious,” she told reporters. Indonesia has readied 100 hospitals across the archipelago including three in Jakarta and has also quarantined more than 240 of its citizens evacuated from Hubei province, home to Wuhan, to the island of Natuna, north of Borneo. The WHO’s Paranietharan said it appeared unlikely, as some have suggested, that the hot tropical climate could be a factor in curbing cases though more data would be required to be sure. “It doesn’t make sense at this point whether that could be the reason why we don’t have coronavirus cases in Indonesia,” Paranietharan said.|Indonesia, cases, China, coronavirus, health, country, virus, Health, Jakarta, Paranietharan, Tuesday, undetected, people, recorded, countries, including, potential, lack, Harvard, flights|health,country,virus,flights,lack|thailand,philippines,wuhan,navaratnasamy,t,malaysia,health,tuesday,vietnam,terawan,paranietharan,jakarta,world,singapore,united,chan,hubei,indonesia,vivi,bogor,who,s,agus,natuna,school,putranto,borneo,of,southeast,harvard,asian,setiawaty,siswanto,chinese,organization,china,states,h,public|1581423660
5e3fac257789d687c1b75996|Tass news agency, on January 25, another 15 people died of pneumonia caused by the 2019 ncov new coronavirus in Hubei Province, China. French news agency reported Saturday). As a result, the total number of patients in China rose to 41. Reuters also reported that the total number of cases had increased to 1287.|agency, China, reported, total, number, Tass, January, 25, 15, people, died, pneumonia, caused, 2019, ncov, coronavirus, Hubei, Province, French, Saturday|Tass,15,pneumonia,agency,ncov|tass,saturday,french,hubei,china,reuters,province|1579929976
5e3f9f36c7d7d06da7396df8|"Nizhny Novgorod, Russian news agency 6. Twelve Chinese citizens working in Chuvash were sent to hospital for quarantine for two weeks. On February 5, the general doctor of health of the Republic of Chuvash issued an order for necessary isolation and medical examination of citizens of the people's Republic of China. The total area of the Republic of Chuvash from February 5 to 11, 2020 is 150 million square kilometers. ""The 12 Chinese citizens who have returned to work in Chuvash since February 5 are all employees of Sichuan agricultural and Industrial Corporation."" According to the decision of the health and epidemic prevention Commission, the Institute for quarantine and continuous medical treatment of Chinese citizens is an independent infectious disease hospital. Chebok salsk district hospital, ""regional Ministry of health news. It is reported that the quarantine period for returnees from China is 14 days. ""All visitors from China have been screened for new coronavirus infection at the place of arrival, Sheremetyevo airport. No signs of influenza, acute respiratory infections and coronavirus were found. The total number of inpatients will be 11 About Another Chinese citizen who arrived on February 5 was held incommunicado in an emergency hospital On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts identified the pathogen of Colorado virus 2019 ncov. According to the latest data, the death toll of Colorado virus in China has risen to 563, with more than 28000 infected and 1153 discharged. More than 190 people were ill abroad, one of whom died. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|Chinese, China, citizens, Chuvash, hospital, February, quarantine, health, Republic, medical, people, total, 11, reported, coronavirus, emergency, 2019, Colorado, virus, Nizhny|citizens,quarantine,health,virus,Republic|wuhan,russian,health,republic,world,sichuan,novgorod,industrial,sheremetyevo,nizhny,chebok,for,institute,colorado,of,chuvash,ministry,chinese,organization,china,corporation|1580988180
5e3fbe645e40789c25090a73|January 28, Beijing/ China can beat the new 2019 ncov corona. Chinese President Xi Jinping expressed confidence when meeting with World Health Organization director general Darth adano at the Great Hall of the people in Beijing Gebrethius. Xi Jinping stressed that people's life safety and health are always the first, so the most important thing now is to prevent and control the corona outbreak. According to Xi Jinping, China welcomes who's participation in preventing the spread of AIDS. China is willing to work with who and the international community to safeguard regional and global public health security.|China, Xi, Jinping, Beijing, corona, people, health, January, 28, beat, 2019, ncov, Chinese, President, expressed, confidence, meeting, World, Health, Organization|health,ncov,Jinping,Organization,Beijing|world,darth,the,chinese,organization,jinping,hall,china,aids,xi,health,of,adano,great,beijing|1580225820
5e421ac5b6765899417a2a9c|"The death toll in China climbed above 1,000, as the World Health Organization (WHO) cautioned that the spread of cases outside of China could be ""the spark that becomes a bigger fire"" and said the human race must not let the epidemic get out of control. Hubei province, the epicentre out the outbreak, reported 103 deaths on Monday - the most in any single day - after 91 deaths on Sunday. But the 2,097 new cases was down from the previous day, when there were 2,618. It is not the first time new cases have fallen. Hubei reported 2,841 cases on Feb. 7 and 2,147 the next day. There are now over 42,000 confirmed cases in China as well as 319 cases in 24 other countries, including one death, according to WHO and Chinese health officials. The Diamond Princess cruise ship with 3,700 passengers and crew on board remained quarantined in the Japanese port of Yokohama, with 65 more cases detected, taking the number of confirmed cases from the Carnival Corp-owned (CCL.N) vessel to 135. As scientists race to develop tests and treatments, the WHO says 168 labs globally have the right technology to diagnose the virus. Companies have been struggling to find clinical virus samples needed to validate the diagnostic tests they have developed. Worries about the coronavirus kept investors on edge with safe-havens like gold rising and the dollar hitting a four-month high against the euro on Monday. In Europe, shares in car companies .SXAP exposed to China slumped, while prices of oil, iron ore and copper fell on worries over weaker Chinese demand because of the outbreak. Wall Street rose on optimism for corporate earnings and the economy, with the Nasdaq hitting a record high. British Airways cancelled all its flights to mainland China until the end of March. Wu Fan, vice-dean of Shanghai Fudan University Medical school, said there was hope of a turning point in the outbreak. But WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said on Monday there had been ""concerning instances"" of transmission from people who had not been to China. ""It could be the spark that becomes a bigger fire,"" Ghebreyesus told reporters in Geneva. An advance team of international WHO experts arrived in China to investigate the outbreak. Its death toll has now surpassed that of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which killed hundreds worldwide in 2002/2003. NERVOUS COMMUTERS Chinese cities have become virtual ghost towns after Communist Party rulers ordered lockdowns, cancelled flights and closed factories and schools. Ten extra days had been added to the Lunar New Year holidays that had been due to finish at the end of January to help slow the virus' spread. Even on Monday, many workplaces remained closed as people worked from home. Few commuters braved the morning rush-hour on one of Beijing's busiest subway lines. All wore masks. One Beijing government official, Zhang Gewho, said it would be harder to curb the spread of the virus as people returned to work. ""The capacity of communities and flow of people will greatly increase the difficulty,"" he said. Hubei, the province of 60 million people hardest hit by the outbreak, remains in virtual lockdown, with its train stations and airports shut and roads sealed. China's central bank has taken steps to support the economy, including reducing interest rates and flushing the market with liquidity, and will also now provide special funds for banks to lend to businesses. President Xi Jinping said the government would prevent large-scale layoffs, Chinese state television reported. Xi was shown on television inspecting the work of community leaders in Beijing and wearing a mask as he had his temperature taken. He said China would strive to meet economic and social targets for the year. One senior economist has said growth may slow to 5% or less in the first quarter. More than 300 Chinese firms including Meituan Dianping (3690.HK), China's largest food delivery company, and smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp (1810.HK) were seeking loans totalling at least 57.4 billion yuan ($8.2 billion), banking sources said. E-commerce firm Alibaba (BABA.N) said its affiliate, Ant Financial's MYBank unit, would offer 20 billion yuan ($2.86 billion) in loans to companies in China, with preferential terms for Hubei firms. Apple's (AAPL.O) biggest iPhone maker, Foxconn, won approval to resume production in the eastern central Chinese city of Zhengzhou, but only 10% of the workforce managed to return, a source said. Foxconn, formally Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd (2317.TW), won approval to resume partial production in the southern city of Shenzhen from Tuesday. A prolonged and widespread coronavirus outbreak could hit the Japanese economy, affecting tourism, retail and exports, an International Monetary Fund official said. Canada said the outbreak will hit tourism and its oil industry."|China, cases, outbreak, Chinese, people, Hubei, Monday, virus, billion, death, spread, reported, day, including, economy, Beijing, hit, toll, 000, spark|death,virus,day,billion,Beijing|ltd,ghebreyesus,airways,yokohama,wall,adhanom,severe,university,health,jinping,foxconn,princess,beijing,ccl,carnival,fudan,hai,world,diamond,party,hubei,geneva,precision,industry,owned,xiaomi,communist,year,japanese,wu,apple,baba,street,who,fan,s,international,n,respiratory,british,shenzhen,lunar,acute,ant,zhang,financial,gewho,medical,new,alibaba,dianping,monetary,organization,chinese,corp,hon,china,mybank,xi,canada,nasdaq,meituan,zhengzhou,syndrome,shanghai,fund,europe,co,tedros|1581382680
5e3e66a4ff976e92724b7017|BEIJING, Feb 8 (Reuters) - The death toll from a coronavirus outbreak in mainland China had reached 722 as of the end of Friday, up by 86 from the previous day, the country’s National Health Commission said on Saturday. The central Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, reported 81 deaths, while in the provincial capital of Wuhan 67 people died. Across mainland China, there were 3,399 new confirmed infections on Friday, bringing the total accumulated number so far to 31,774. (Reporting by Ryan Woo and Colin Qian; editing by Jonathan Oatis)|outbreak, mainland, China, Friday, BEIJING, Feb, Reuters, death, toll, coronavirus, reached, 722, end, 86, previous, day, country, National, Health, Commission|death,toll,reached,722,day|commission,qian,wuhan,hubei,china,woo,colin,ryan,health,national,oatis,jonathan,beijing|1581078180
5e3facbc7789d687c1b759d5|"Tass, 22 January. U.S. authorities are taking steps to prevent the spread of the 2019 - ncov corona in China. On Wednesday, white house head Donald Trapp announced this at the world economic forum in Davos. We do have a plan that we think will be well implemented. This is a good implementation, ""Reuters quoted us leaders as saying. U.S. leaders noted that the Centers for Disease Control and prevention operate at a very high level. On January 21, U.S. authorities reported the country's first case of pneumonia caused by a new coronavirus. Later, Nancy messonier, director of the National Center for immunology and respiratory diseases, reported that they estimated that the incidence in the country was very low."|January, authorities, leaders, reported, country, Tass, 22, taking, steps, prevent, spread, 2019, ncov, corona, China, Wednesday, white, house, head, Donald|country,Tass,22,authorities,ncov|center,disease,centers,and,china,prevention,nancy,messonier,davos,donald,reuters,control,s,national,immunology,u,trapp,for|1579707000
5e3fab6f7789d687c1b7595b|"London, 24 January. /tass/ British doctors did not find that the 14 people surveyed in the UK were infected with the 2019 ncov new coronavirus. That's what Chris Whitty, the UK's chief doctor, said in a statement Friday. ""There are still no confirmed cases of infection in the UK. He said: 'we are paying close attention to the outbreak in Wuhan, China and are taking planned measures. So far, several more people may have had blood tests in Wuhan in the past two weeks, but the results are not ready. ""I work closely with leading doctors in other parts of the United Kingdom. We all think that the risk for our people is still very low, but at some stage in the UK, there may be some diseases. "" Friday attended a meeting of the emergency committee of the cobra government on 2019 ncov's worldwide dissemination. According to the British government's estimate, there may be more than 2000 people in the country at present. An estimated 10 million people recently visited Wuhan. The Royal health authorities are trying to contact them About As a preventive measure, Heathrow airport has previously set up a special area for people from infected areas. It was also announced on Friday that a medical team would be sent to Heathrow airport and a temporary centre would be set up to coordinate their work."|people, UK, Friday, Wuhan, British, doctors, infected, 2019, ncov, work, government, Heathrow, airport, set, London, 24, January, tass, find, 14|tass,infected,ncov,find,government|british,united,wuhan,chris,whitty,china,heathrow,uk,london,s,kingdom|1579914755
5e3fbee28b626a2f83fcac86|95 people are in trouble. CCTV reports. On December 31, 2019, the first case of coronavirus infection occurred in Wuhan, China. The dangerous coronavirus spread rapidly to Asian countries. The number of deaths from the new coronavirus in China increased to 17.|coronavirus, China, 95, people, trouble, CCTV, reports, December, 31, 2019, case, infection, occurred, Wuhan, dangerous, spread, rapidly, Asian, countries, number|occurred,CCTV,Asian,spread,countries|cctv,wuhan,china,asian|1579763820
5e3faaa07789d687c1b7590d|Tass, 27 January. Malaysian authorities temporarily banned residents of China's Wuhan and Hubei provinces, where new forms of pneumonia broke out. Reuters reported on Monday. Currently, Malaysia has confirmed three cases of pneumonia caused by the new coronavirus 2019 ncov. The three patients were relatives of Chinese citizens who were hospitalized in Singapore. At the end of December last year, Wuhan, a large industrial center with a population of more than 11 million, broke out with a new type of pneumonia. Now there are more than 2.8 million confirmed cases in China. The death toll was 81. Cases are registered in almost all parts of China, including Beijing and Shanghai. In addition, corona viruses have been found in Australia, France, Japan, Nepal, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Thailand, the United States and Vietnam.|China, pneumonia, Wuhan, broke, confirmed, cases, Singapore, million, Tass, 27, January, Malaysian, authorities, temporarily, banned, residents, Hubei, provinces, forms, Reuters|27,Malaysian,Tass,provinces,pneumonia|thailand,wuhan,nepal,malaysia,vietnam,australia,beijing,france,republic,singapore,united,tass,hubei,japan,reuters,s,of,korea,chinese,china,states,shanghai,malaysian|1580134546
5e46a82c135e9a4f6db2d6b2|SINGAPORE/SEOUL/LONDON (Reuters) - As lion dancers snaked between conference room tables laden with plastic bottles, pens, notebooks and laptops, some staff from British gas analytics firm Servomex snapped photos of the performance meant to bring good luck and fortune. But the January sales meeting in a luxury Singapore hotel was far from auspicious. Someone seated in the room, or in the vicinity of the hotel that is renowned for its central location and a racy nightclub in the basement, was about to take coronavirus global. Three weeks later, global health authorities are still scrambling to work out who carried the disease into the mundane meeting of a firm selling gas meters, which then spread to five countries from South Korea to Spain, infecting over a dozen people. Experts say finding this so-called “patient zero” is critical for tracing all those potentially exposed to infection and containing the outbreak, but as time passes, the harder it becomes. “We do feel uncomfortable obviously when we diagnose a patient with the illness and we can’t work out where it came from...the containment activities are less effective,” said Dale Fisher, chair of the Global Outbreak Alert and Response Network coordinated by the World Health Organisation. Authorities initially hinted at Chinese delegates, which included someone from Wuhan - the Chinese city at the epicentre of the virus that has killed over 1,350 people. But a Servomex spokesperson told Reuters its Chinese delegates had not tested positive. Fisher and other experts have compared the Singapore meeting to another so-called “super-spreading” incident at a Hong Kong hotel in 2003 where a sick Chinese doctor spread Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome around the world. The WHO has opened an investigation into the Singapore incident, but said its “way too early” to tell if it is a super-spreading event. It was more than a week after the meeting - which according to a company e-mail included Servomex’s leadership team and global sales staff - that the first case surfaced in Malaysia. The incubation period for the disease is up to 14 days and people may be able to infect others before symptoms appear. The firm said it immediately adopted “extensive measures” to contain the virus and protect employees and the wider community. Those included self-isolation for all 109 attendees, of whom 94 were from overseas and had left Singapore. But the virus kept spreading. Two South Korean delegates fell sick after sharing a buffet meal with the Malaysian, who also passed the infection to his sister and mother-in-law. Three of the firm’s Singapore attendees also tested positive. Then cases started appearing in Europe. An infected British delegate had headed from the conference to a French ski resort, where another five people fell ill. Another linked case then emerged in Spain, and when the Briton returned to his home town in the south of England the virus spread further. “It feels really scary that one minute it’s a story in China... and then the next minute it is literally on our doorstep,” said Natalie Brown, whose children went to the same school as the British carrier. The school said in a letter that two people at the school had been isolated. “It’s scary and sobering how quickly it seems to have spread,” said Brown. Back in Singapore, authorities were battling to keep track of new cases of local transmissions, many unlinked to previous cases. Management at the hotel - the Grand Hyatt Singapore - said they had cleaned extensively and were monitoring staff and guests for infection but did not know “how, where or when” conference attendees were infected. The lion dancers, who posted photos of the event on Facebook, said they were virus free. “Everyone assumes it was a delegate but it could have been a cleaner, it could have been a waiter,” said Paul Tambyah, an infectious diseases expert at National University Singapore. He added it was “very important” to find “patient zero” to establish other possible “chains of transmission”. But time may be running out. Singapore health ministry’s Kenneth Mak said the government will continue to try and identify the initial carrier until the  outbreak ends, but as days pass it will get harder. “We might never be able to tell who that first patient is,” Mak said. Meanwhile, the fallout from the conference continues to sow trepidation weeks after the event and thousands of miles away. Reuters visited Servomex’s offices in the suburbs of South Korea’s capital, Seoul. It was closed and dark inside, and a building guard told Reuters employees were working from home. A notice posted by building management stated a coronavirus patient had entered the complex, while several young women could be overheard in a nearby elevator discussing whether it had been used by the infected person. “Do you think the patient would have gotten on this elevator or the other one?” one said.|Singapore, patient, people, virus, Reuters, conference, firm, Servomex, meeting, hotel, spread, Chinese, staff, British, global, South, infection, delegates, included, spreading|spreading,virus,firm,patient,delegates|wuhan,england,hyatt,korean,outbreak,malaysia,mak,university,health,alert,network,spain,brown,world,singapore,and,kenneth,dale,reuters,who,s,paul,kong,british,servomex,briton,tambyah,global,grand,south,korea,fisher,hong,chinese,french,natalie,organisation,china,response,seoul,national,europe,malaysian,facebook|1581671640
5e41551bcae8370994363c98|"There are eight citizens with a Portuguese passport among the 3700 people on board the Diamond Princess cruise ship, which has been quarantined for two weeks in the port of Yokohama, Japan. 61 people have already been infected, who have all been hospitalized, but the eight Portuguese are not contaminated, assured the Director General of Health Grace Freitas. The person responsible has revealed that the Portuguese are five crewmen and three passengers, but there is no further information on their origin. We know they have Portuguese passports, but we don't know where they were born,""he said. Passengers on board have been told that they are prohibited from carrying on group conversations, must wear masks and keep a distance from one meter from each other. As for the 20-person group that came from Wuhan and is quarantined at Pulido Valente Hospital in Lisbon, they still have no symptoms and no sign of the virus. Grace Freitas reiterated this Friday that the Chinese authorities ""have been exemplary in the control of the outbreak"". The number of dead has risen to 637, with a total of 31 thousand infected. A study was also reported this Friday from the University of Agriculture in South China which identified Pangolim as the possible host who transmitted the virus to man."|Portuguese, people, board, quarantined, infected, Grace, Freitas, person, group, virus, Friday, citizens, passport, 3700, Diamond, Princess, cruise, ship, weeks, port|citizens,board,infected,virus,3700|wuhan,hospital,diamond,portuguese,chinese,grace,yokohama,valente,japan,freitas,lisbon,university,of,china,agriculture,princess,pulido,south,pangolim|1581154980
5e3d0678cc9efa2a3d6feafe|"Zhang Wenzhen is sitting on the sidewalk, looking at his mobile phone frantically. There is no one around except a dozen security guards on the other side of the street guard the entrance to the hospital Jinyintian. Health center specialized in respiratory diseases, is one of the largest in Wuhan. Inside these days welcomes a majority of people infected to date with the coronavirus 2019-nCoV, whose threat has put the Chinese city of 11 million people quarantined. The most recent data place where 18 dead and 634 infected. Wenzhen Zhang's mother is one of them. ""My mother is there, but I do not let"" says Zhang, pointing to the police in front of her. Security measures in the area are very strict. All vehicles approaching the hospital are forced to turn around, but a van, which is a group of health workers dressed from head to toe with white protective suit dismounts. At the sight of a camera, one of the agents is approaching and requires delete all images under his gaze watchful. Nobody knows for sure what happens inside the building, not even the relatives of the sick. Shared images on social networks show crowded corridors, people passing away, screaming and crying. WHO China has reacted asking for greater transparency in the management of health crisis. Zhang lives with his parents and together they lived a normal life until earlier this week her mother fell ill. No worries have been exposed to the virus because ""we do not contagiamos young people so easily, but most people can not resist"" all deaths to date have been over 70 years. At this time, Zhang only craves more information about the health of his mother. ""I was working and I do not know what has happened, you must have worsened if they have moved here."" Although all access to the locked hospital is impossible to establish contact, not give up. ""Do not move from here until I know more, only then I will return home."" A few meters away, another young woman named Wang loaded with a bag of tangerines. She has had more luck: this afternoon, during the two hours that the hospital has enabled the delivery of objects to the sick, he has managed to talk to a doctor. One of his relatives, also a victim of the coronavirus, seems to be progressing properly. ""The results are positive, he has no fever or cough and appearance is normal. I have said that it is right and maybe you are discharged in the coming days, ""explains relief. In his view, the closure of the city has been an appropriate decision. ""Isolation is for our own safety, it is a responsible and understandable measure."" Wuhan streets are deserted and the few shops that had opened in the morning have already closed. For some, however, life goes on despite everything. The case of Wu Yunsong taxi driver who saw the opportunity to make some extra money given the small number of cars on the roads. She is worried, but carry it with resignation. ""If you want top die I can not do anything about it, so I'm working today."" One of his companions, who insists on being called Taxi Driver, is more optimistic. He, like most of the population of Wuhan, expressed support unequivocally the decision of the Government to close the gates of the city. Although they have left them inside. ""The government is doing a great job,"" he exclaims. ""In these 70 years [of communist rule] China has developed a lot in every aspect. Our country is now very powerful, unlike last. We have highly trained experts and academics. They control the outbreak, not to worry. "" One of the reasons for the quarantine rules over Wuhan is its status as railway junction. The city has three railway stations: the Hankou is one of them. From early morning, the doors of the building remain blocked by fences and police vans that impede access to the terminal, a huge Soviet-style building. A group of cleaners protected with an orange suit and carrying equipment on their backs fumigators chatting in a corner of the adjoining concourse. Complete the strange stamping public address system blaring around, a voice announces tirelessly since 10 in the morning of Thursday -three am in Spain until further notice, Wuhan is a city closed to the you can not enter or leave. When a few passersby stop in front of the station to take pictures or look roof before the rain that fell during the afternoon, police officers choose to extend the security perimeter and clear the area. One of the people forced to move is Xiao Xue, a young woman with a loading bulky plastic bag and two suitcases containing all his possessions. ""I work as a waitress in a hotel nearby, but have closed,"" he says and bursts into mourn. ""I'm not here, I do not know what to do with my stuff, I do not know where to go"". The last surprise of the day waiting back at the hotel, a big tower with capacity for 500 people where there are only 17 registered guests. At the other side of the door, awaiting used with a digital thermometer in hand, behind a table providing disinfectant wipes and masks. ""We have to measure the temperature of every single person coming is very important,"" he apologizes. Makes unsuccessful attempts at temple, forehead and ear. Finally, he serves forearm. A beep followed by a green light after two seconds restlessness. 36.3 °, shows the screen. ""Go ahead, welcome."""|people, Zhang, Wuhan, city, hospital, mother, police, health, building, young, morning, closed, Wenzhen, security, side, days, infected, date, coronavirus, front|health,infected,Wenzhen,days,police|wuhan,style,xue,wang,spain,i,m,soviet,xiao,taxi,driver,wu,s,hankou,zhang,yunsong,2019,chinese,ncov,wenzhen,china|1579885286
5e3e6522a6201cadba7c804a|"Several Indian crew members and passengers on board a cruise ship have been quarantined off Japan in the wake of coronavirus outbreak, External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar said on Friday. He said none of them have tested positive and India is closely following the developments. ""Many Indian crew and some Indian passengers are on board the cruise ship Diamond Princess quarantined off Japan due to Coronavirus. None have tested positive, as per the latest information provided by our Embassy (in Tokyo). We are closely following the developments,"" Jaishankar said in a tweet. India has so far reported three confirmed cases of novel coronavirus (nCoV) from Kerala. Three medical students studying at the Wuhan University, who returned to India recently, tested positive for the virus. The death toll in China's novel coronavirus outbreak has gone up to 637 with 73 new mortalities reported, mostly from the worst-affected Hubei province. The total number of confirmed cases has crossed 31,000 in China."|Indian, coronavirus, tested, positive, India, crew, passengers, board, cruise, ship, quarantined, Japan, outbreak, Jaishankar, closely, developments, reported, confirmed, cases, China|board,crew,Japan,Jaishankar,Indian|india,embassy,wuhan,diamond,coronavirus,hubei,china,japan,university,princess,s,in,kerala,tokyo,indian,jaishankar|1581055020
5e4147c8b727ac2cbdecea8e|"The 17 Portuguese citizens who are being held in Wuhan, a Chinese city where the new coronavirus outbreak occurred, were notified this Friday that the return flight was delayed until Saturday, the Portuguese told the Lusa agency. The Government ensures that the ""flight will take place as soon as due technical and regulatory procedures are observed"", since the process that caused the delay is already completed. This Friday morning, Foreign Minister Augusto Santos Silva revealed that the group of Europeans, including the Portuguese, was being held in the city of Wuhan in central China and could only leave the city with the permission of the Chinese authorities. The plane left on Thursday from Portugal on its way to Paris, where it was supposed to fly to Wuhan this Friday to rescue European citizens. However, the flight has not yet left Paris. Portuguese citizens were supposed to report to the French consulate in Wuhan this Friday, but they were given orders to stay indoors. ""This is a complex operation within the framework of European consultation and then there is another even more complex coordination with the Chinese authorities. Since the city of Wuhan is quarantined, these citizens can only leave with the permission of the public and administrative health authorities of China. This authorisation is still ongoing and only with this permission can we give the operation as a successful and breathing relief,""Augusto Santos Silva said to Antena 1. In the meantime, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has sent a statement to the editorial offices stating that there has been ""no refusal of authorisation by the Chinese authorities and that the flight has been cancelled"". Confirms that the ""process is already completed so that the flight will be conducted as soon as the proper technical and regulatory procedures are observed"" Yeah. According to the online edition of El Pais a plane with 19 Spaniards in Wuhan left at 9h30 (hour in Wuhan) this Friday. The aircraft, where British, Norwegian and Danish citizens are also present, has been chartered by the United Kingdom. It has planned a stop in London, where it will leave the British citizens, and go to Madrid, where they will land both the Spaniards and the citizens of Denmark and Norway. Once in the Spanish capital, passengers will be quarantined for 14 days at the Central Hospital of La Defensa Gomez Ulla, the Spanish diary says. All of these passengers who boarded this morning went through more than once a temperature control still in Chinese territory and none showed fever, according to the El Pais report. In recent days, several citizens have been taken from Wuhan. This Thursday, a Japanese repatriated man arrived in Tokyo, where he was hospitalized. It is also planned that, during the afternoon of this Friday, French citizens from that Chinese city will land at the Istres-Le Tube air base, north-west of Marseille, where members of the French Red Cross are expected. Citizens will then be quarantined for 14 days. This Friday, a plane with 367 South Koreans evacuated from Wuhan also landed at Gimpo airport in South Korea. The Portuguese who will be repatriated from Wuhan will have facilities at their disposal to be ""comfortably and calmly"" isolated, if they so wish, the Director General for Health, Grace Freitas, in an interview with the PUBLIC published this Friday. ""This is being considered because Portuguese people have expressed fear, coming home and if they eventually became infected, of transmitting the virus to the family. If they arrive with that fear, they will have facilities to welcome them with comfort and tranquility"". Yeah. China reported this Friday that the number of deaths due to the new coronavirus has risen to 213 and that of infected people to 9692. The previous balance pointed to 7736 infected people and 170 dead. The figures announced concern the last 24-hour period and represent more 43 dead and almost two thousand cases of infection in relation to the latest data submitted by the Chinese authorities. The vast majority of cases continue to occur in Hubei province and its capital, Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. According to the daily report of the Chinese National Health Commission, updated at four o'clock (Thursday 20h in mainland Portugal), the number of patients in serious condition is 1527, while 171 people have already been discharged. The outbreak broke out in December in Wuhan, a metropolis in central China, and on Thursday the World Health Organisation (WHO) declared an international public health emergency, at a time when the epidemic affects more than a dozen countries. Subscribe free of charge to newsletters and receive the best of today and the deepest works of the public. In addition to China and the Chinese territories of Macao and Hong Kong, there are more than fifty confirmed cases of the new coronavirus in 20 other countries: Thailand, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Vietnam, Nepal, Malaysia, the United States, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Australia, Finland, United Arab Emirates, Cambodia, Philippines, India and the United Kingdom, where Reuters said the first two cases in the country were detected on Friday morning. The Italian Government has already declared a state of emergency this Friday after the first two cases of coronavirus have been identified on two Chinese tourists visiting Rome. Yeah. Singapore has announced, in turn, that it will ban, from Saturday onwards, the entry of all visitors who have been to China recently and suspend issuance of visas to all persons with Chinese passports and Mongolia had also announced that it would close its land borders with China (as well as Russia, North Korea and Vietnam) to prevent the spread of the coronavirus."|Wuhan, Chinese, Friday, citizens, China, Portuguese, city, coronavirus, flight, authorities, cases, Thursday, United, people, outbreak, morning, leave, permission, plane, left|citizens,authorities,plane,cases,permission|commission,thailand,malaysia,freitas,health,singapore,germany,italy,antena,augusto,tokyo,finland,ulla,cambodia,of,mongolia,european,pais,rome,central,denmark,red,gomez,affairs,nepal,north,vietnam,hubei,danish,spaniards,lusa,japanese,cross,kong,russia,british,madrid,italian,norwegian,korea,europeans,chinese,french,china,states,le,taiwan,philippines,el,silva,world,india,united,santos,tube,la,hospital,arab,london,canada,spanish,norway,wuhan,portuguese,portugal,australia,kingdom,france,istres,grace,japan,reuters,marseille,koreans,who,macao,emirates,paris,ministry,south,hong,foreign,organisation,national,gimpo,defensa|1580466376
5e41266e580f2ab8cd8a0622|SINGAPORE - There were no new cases of the coronavirus infection here for a second day, according to an update by the Ministry of Health (MOH) on Monday evening (Feb 3). This means the total number of confirmed cases in Singapore remains at 18, including two Singaporeans. There were no new cases reported on Sunday. The MOH reiterated that there is currently no evidence of community spread of the virus in Singapore. The virus, known as 2019-nCoV, first emerged in the Chinese city of Wuhan in December last year. None of the 18 previously announced cases is critically ill. All of them remain in stable condition, and most are improving, the ministry added. As of noon on Monday, 262 of the suspected cases have tested negative for the virus. Test results for the remaining 32 cases are pending. Contact tracing for the confirmed cases is being carried out. The MOH said that once a confirmed case has been identified, it will closely monitor all close contacts. As a precautionary measure, they will be quarantined for 14 days from their last exposure to the patient. In addition, all other identified contacts who have a low risk of being infected will be under active surveillance, and will be contacted daily to monitor the status of their health. The ministry has identified 256 close contacts as of noon on Monday, with 187 still in Singapore, of which 186 have been contacted and are being quarantined or isolated. Efforts are being made to contact the  remaining close contact. The authorities earlier said that two Singaporean women evacuated from Wuhan had been infected with the coronavirus. The women, both aged 47, were asymptomatic when they boarded the specially arranged Scoot flight TR121 that carried 92 Singaporeans from the Chinese city, which is on lockdown . They are currently admitted at the National Centre for Infectious Diseases (NCID), along with the majority of the other confirmed infected cases. The coronavirus has so far proven to be more infectious than Sars. As of Monday, the outbreak had sickened more than 17,000 and killed more than 360, with the Philippines reporting the first death caused by the virus outside of China. The deceased was a 44-year-old Wuhan resident who travelled from China to the Philippines. Most of the deaths occurred in central Hubei province, the epicentre of the outbreak. In the wake of the outbreak, a growing number of countries, including Italy, the United States, Australia, Singapore, Japan and Russia, have put in place travel restrictions. Germany, France and the US have evacuated citizens from China. Several major airlines have also halted flights to and from China, deepening concerns of a widespread economic slowdown. In Singapore, measures to combat the outbreak include mask distribution at residents' committee centres and community centres islandwide, which began last Saturday. The Government announced last Thursday that all 1.3 million households in Singapore would be given a pack of four masks each amid reports of shops running out of stocks. Residents collecting their masks at Toa Payoh Central Zone 4 RC on Feb 1, 2020. ST PHOTO: CHONG JUN LIANG The MOH on Monday continued to advise Singaporeans to defer all travel to Hubei province and all non-essential travel to mainland China. All travellers should monitor their health closely for two weeks after returning to Singapore and seek medical attention promptly if they feel unwell. Travellers should inform their doctors where they have travelled. If they have a fever or respiratory symptoms – such as a cough or shortness of breath – they should wear a mask and call the clinic ahead of the visit . Members of the public should take precautions such as avoiding contact with live animals, including poultry and birds, and avoid eating raw and undercooked meat. They should also avoid close contact with people who are unwell or showing symptoms of illness. The public can observe good personal hygiene too, with frequent hand washing using soap, such as before handling food or eating, after going to toilet, or when hands are dirtied after coughing or sneezing. People should a wear a mask if they have respiratory symptoms such as a cough or shortness of breath. When sneezing or coughing, they should cover their mouths with a  tissue paper and throw it in the rubbish bin immediately.|cases, Singapore, Monday, China, MOH, confirmed, virus, close, contact, outbreak, coronavirus, including, Singaporeans, Wuhan, identified, monitor, contacts, infected, travel, mask|virus,identified,infected,travel,MOH|philippines,wuhan,toa,health,moh,singaporeans,sars,australia,france,singapore,united,us,hubei,italy,rc,japan,for,payoh,russia,scoot,of,infectious,ministry,centre,zone,diseases,central,chinese,singaporean,china,states,national|1580730175
5e3e664cff976e92724b6f9b|(Adds details of virus name) By Stephanie Nebehay GENEVA, Feb 7 (Reuters) - The world is facing a chronic shortage of gowns, masks, gloves and other protective equipment in the fight against a spreading coronavirus epidemic, World Health Organization (WHO) chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said on Friday. The U.N. agency has been sending testing kits, masks, gloves, respirators and gowns to every region, Tedros told the WHO Executive Board in Geneva. “However the world is facing a chronic shortage of personnel protective equipment, as you might imagine. “This afternoon I will be speaking to the pandemic supply chain network to identify the bottlenecks and find solutions and push (for) fairness in distribution of equipment,” he said. As of 6 a.m. Geneva time (0500 GMT) there were 31,211 confirmed coronavirus cases in China and 637 deaths, as well as 270 cases in 24 other countries with 1 death, Tedros said. “For the last two days there had been fewer reported infections in China, which is good news, but we caution against reading too much into that. The numbers could go up again,” he said. During its technical briefing for member states, there was discussion about naming the virus - which emerged in a seafood market in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in late December. WHO has already assigned an interim name of 2019-nCOV (novel coronavirus) acute respiratory disease. “We thought it very important that we provide an interim name so no location was associated with the name. I’m sure you have seen many media reports that are still calling this, using the name Wuhan or using China,” WHO epidemiologist Maria van Kerkhove told the board. “We wanted to ensure that there was no stigma associated with this virus, and so we’ve put out this interim name,” she said. Dr . Mike Ryan, WHO’s top emergency expert, said: “I think the bigger point here is to ensure that some of the actions, some of the reactions internationally, it is the responsibility of us all to ensure there is no stigma associated with this disease. “The unnecessary, unhelpful profiling of individuals based on ethnicity is utterly and completely unacceptable and it needs to stop. Governments have a responsibility to communicate with their populations on this,” Ryan told the board.|virus, equipment, coronavirus, Tedros, told, China, interim, ensure, world, facing, chronic, shortage, gowns, masks, gloves, protective, Geneva, cases, Wuhan, disease|virus,Tedros,interim,disease,ensure|wuhan,ghebreyesus,adhanom,health,maria,world,stephanie,geneva,executive,who,u,gmt,n,nebehay,van,kerkhove,ryan,board,organization,chinese,mike,china,tedros|1581078480
5e41269d580f2ab8cd8a0648|"WASHINGTON (AFP) - The US will begin screening passengers on Friday (Jan 17) arriving from a Chinese city at the heart of a mysterious Sars-linked virus, officials said, after an outbreak that has stricken dozens claimed a second life. Three confirmed cases, meanwhile, have now been reported outside China - two in Thailand and one in Japan - even as health authorities around the world sought to assure the public that the overall risk of infection remained low. Martin Cetron, a senior official at the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) told reporters: ""To further protect the health of the American public during the emergence of this novel coronavirus, CDC is beginning entry screening at three ports of entry."" These are San Francisco airport and New York's JFK, which both receive direct flights, as well as Los Angeles, the biggest destination for connecting flights, he said, adding: ""We're expecting that the screening over the next couple of weeks could include as many as 5000 people"" beginning Friday night. Incoming travellers will be asked to fill out a questionnaire and submit to a temperature check, with those showing possible signs of infection sent on to another facility for a diagnostic test that could take up to a day. The move came after Chinese officials said the infection had claimed its second death: a 69-year-old man who died on Wednesday in Wuhan, the central Chinese city believed to be the epicentre of an outbreak of the pathogen from the same family as the deadly Sars virus. No human-to-human transmission has been confirmed so far, but Wuhan's health commission has said the possibility ""cannot be excluded."" The enigmatic illness has caused alarm because of its connection to Sars (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which killed nearly 650 people across mainland China and Hong Kong in 2002-2003 . Pneumonia linked to the new virus has hit at least 41 people in China, with the outbreak centered around a seafood market in Wuhan. Of these 12 have recovered and been discharged from hospital, according to the Wuhan health commission, while five others are in a serious condition. The second man to die became sick on Dec 31 and his condition worsened two weeks ago, it said, with the disease causing pulmonary tuberculosis and damage to multiple organ functions. Thailand reported its second case of the coronavirus on Friday: a 74-year-old Chinese woman who had arrived from Wuhan earlier this week. Her condition is improving, said Thai health officials, who urged people not to panic as there was ""no spread of the virus"" in the South-east Asian country. That sentiment was echoed by senior CDC official Nancy Messonnier, who said: ""For families sitting around the dinner table tonight, this is not something that they generally need to worry about."" Yet, much remains to be understood about the ""2019 novel coronavirus"" or ""2019-nCoV,"" according to the CDC, which added that ""there are indications that some limited person-to-person spread may have occurred."" The latest fatality comes as China prepares for its busiest travel season of the year next week, when millions of people take buses, trains and planes for Chinese New Year. China has not announced any travel restrictions but authorities in Hong Kong have stepped up detection measures, including rigorous temperature checkpoints for inbound travellers. The Wuhan health commission said one man who had been diagnosed worked at Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, but his wife, who also had the virus, reported ""no history of exposure"" at the facility. The first case in Thailand had not reported visiting the seafood market, the WHO said Tuesday. The woman was reported to be in a stable condition earlier this week. The patient in Japan, who was released from hospital, had also not visited the market . Japanese officials said it was possible that the man had been in contact with a person infected with the virus while in Wuhan. After the second death was reported, online discussion spread in China over the severity of the Wuhan coronavirus - and how much information the government is hiding from the public. Several complained about censorship of online posts, while others made comparisons to 2003, when Beijing drew criticism from the WHO for under-reporting the number of Sars cases. ""It's so strange,"" wrote a web user on the social media platform Weibo, citing the overseas cases in Japan and Thailand. ""They all have Wuhan pneumonia cases but (in China) we don't have any infections outside of Wuhan - is that scientific?"" But the CDC's Messonnier thanked her Chinese counterparts for quickly identifying the pathogen and making its genome publicly available to scientists around the world, allowing them to rapidly develop diagnostic tools."|Wuhan, China, Chinese, virus, reported, health, CDC, people, Sars, officials, cases, Thailand, coronavirus, man, condition, screening, Friday, outbreak, Japan, public|health,virus,Sars,Japan,condition|thailand,centres,disease,wuhan,thai,market,wholesale,jfk,sars,beijing,seafood,york,martin,francisco,us,and,washington,japan,prevention,nancy,cetron,messonnier,year,huanan,angeles,japanese,weibo,who,in,s,for,kong,east,american,san,new,south,hong,asian,cdc,friday,chinese,linked,china,control,los|1579289440
5e43f5520275a5195855e88a|"The WHO has named the disease caused by the novel coronavirus Covid-19 and declared its outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern, or PHEIC. The same alert was issued for Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo last year, and for Zika in 2016. You can use the links below to navigate. Let's begin. What are coronaviruses? SECTION SNAPSHOT The novel coronavirus is part of a family of viruses named for the effect created by spike proteins on their shells, or capsids. Think of how the outer layer of the sun's atmosphere, known as the corona (Latin for crown), appears during a total solar eclipse. Seven kinds of coronavirus can infect people, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). They include the Covid-19 variety, and the viruses that cause Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV), both of which have killed hundreds (see microscope images below). Coronaviruses are initially transmitted from animals to humans. Human-to-human transmission of Covid-19 has been confirmed. What are the symptoms of coronavirus infections? SECTION SNAPSHOT Here's what the World Health Organisation (WHO) says about Covid-19 symptoms. Are there specific medicines that can be used to treat the infection? Again, hear it from the WHO: How dangerous is Covid-19? SECTION SNAPSHOT On January 30, the WHO declared the coronavirus outbreak a ""Public Health Emergency of International Concern"", or PHEIC, after initially deciding against issuing such an alert. Thousands of others have been infected, including in several other countries across multiple continents. The number rose sharply in a very short timespan, as the Reuters interactive below shows. Human-to-human transmission has been confirmed. Where did the current outbreak begin? SECTION SNAPSHOT Reports by TIME and the Wall Street Journal say the market sold all kinds of wildlife, from ostriches to porcupines. What precautions should you take? SECTION SNAPSHOT The WHO has put of a list of precautions that can help reduce the risk of a coronavirus infection. Check out the infographic above for a brief overview. India has asked its citizens not to travel to China. Anyone with a travel history in China since January 15, 2020 could be quarantined, the ministry said on February 2, adding that the rule would apply to current and future travel to China. If you develop fever, cough or breathing difficulties with 28 days of returning from China, you must: What is India doing to monitor the threat? SECTION SNAPSHOT India has evacuated over 600 of its citizens from Wuhan on two flights, and says all evacuees have tested negative. Three positive cases have been found in India, all of them in Kerala. Officials say one of them has now tested negative, but are waiting for confirmation from the National Institute of Virology centre in Pune, Maharashtra. The national helpline for information and assistance related to the coronavirus threat is 011-23978046. Foreign nationals who've been to China on or after January 15 cannot enter India. Coronavirus: WHO busts myths Can your pet be infected by the new coronavirus infection? Does Covid-19 affect only the elderly? Experts slam India's homeopathy push Experts have criticised the Ministry of AYUSH's suggestion that homeopathy and unani can be used to prevent or manage coronavirus infections. There's no evidence that homeopathy can cure viral infections or that the unani drugs prescribed by the government can reduce virulence, said an Australian neuroscientist and science fact-checker with AltNews."|coronavirus, Covid, 19, SECTION, SNAPSHOT, India, China, outbreak, Health, infections, infection, January, travel, homeopathy, named, declared, Public, Emergency, International, Concern|named,International,Covid,SNAPSHOT,travel|disease,wuhan,journal,wall,cov,health,australian,sars,kerala,ayush,19,republic,world,india,us,emergency,coronavirus,pune,and,prevention,covid,reuters,middle,street,who,international,s,for,east,time,respiratory,institute,concern,of,ebola,ministry,maharashtra,public,virology,congo,centers,organisation,china,national,control,syndrome,pheic,democratic|1581466380
5e3f9e98c7d7d06da7396dca|"Yekaterinburg, Russian news agency 6. Qiu Ming School Quarantine has nothing to do with the movement of evacuees from China from the Colorado River to the area, Qiu Ming district chief Alexander Moore announced Thursday. Earlier, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikov told reporters that Russia and other countries want to leave citizens in Wuhan and Hubei Province of China, Quarantine will be carried out in Qiuming area. On Wednesday, two planes carrying citizens evacuated from China arrived in Qiuming. People are isolated in the urban construction center of ""autumn light"". No, we didn't mean to.)（ February is a time when the incidence of ozone depleting substances and influenza tends to rise. We quarantine to stop the epidemic. This has nothing to do with the situation in coronaveros, ""said Moro in response to questions from residents of the area. He said the situation is not a threat to the residents of Qiuming area. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 28000 infections in China, 563 of which have died."|China, area, Qiuming, Russian, Qiu, Ming, Quarantine, Colorado, citizens, Wuhan, Hubei, Province, situation, residents, Yekaterinburg, agency, School, movement, evacuees, River|citizens,School,Qiu,Russian,Qiuming|tatyana,russia,wuhan,qiuming,colorado,school,hubei,chinese,moro,russian,yekaterinburg,ming,china,alexander,river,golikov,quarantine,moore,qiu,said|1580996280
5e3e6523a6201cadba7c8054|"Three persons, suspected of being affected by the new coronavirus, have been kept under observation at an isolation ward of Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) Hospital in Delhi, news agency ANI quoted hospital authority as saying. Minakshi Bhardwaj, Medical Superintendent at RML Hospital said that three suspected cases of coronavirus have been reported at the hospital and the patients have been kept in isolation for further treatment. ""The three -- all men aged between 24 and 48 -- were admitted on Monday and their samples have been sent for testing,"" Minakshi Bhardwaj told PTI. While two of the men are residents of Delhi, one hails from NCR. Till Monday, a total of 33,552 passengers arriving in India from China in 155 flights have been screened. On January 26, it was reported that over 100 people were kept under observation in Kerala and Maharashtra following screening for a possible exposure to novel coronavirus (nCoV). Samples of four other passengers tested earlier have been confirmed to be negative for nCoV by the lab. Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan had earlier confirmed that no positive case has been detected in India so far though samples of seven passengers have been sent to the ICMR-NIV Pune lab. Meanwhile, the death toll due to the coronavirus outbreak has reached 106 and over 13,000 new cases have surfaced in China."|coronavirus, passengers, suspected, observation, isolation, RML, Hospital, Delhi, hospital, Minakshi, Bhardwaj, cases, reported, --, men, Monday, samples, India, China, nCoV|suspected,isolation,reported,--,China|maharashtra,harsh,lohia,india,hospital,delhi,minakshi,ncr,ani,pune,ram,pti,china,icmr,manohar,bhardwaj,niv,vardhan,kerala,rml|1580186760
5e3e654aa6201cadba7c80e9|1. Coronavirus death toll in China crosses 400-mark 2. Kapil Mishra says Owaisi will also chant Hanuman Chalisa 3. PM Modi, Rahul and Priyanka Gandhi to address election rallies in Delhi 4. Parliament to see heated debate between govt and Opposition 5. Prithvi Shaw to make his ODI debut vs New Zealand, confirms Virat Kohli|Coronavirus, death, toll, China, crosses, 400, mark, Kapil, Mishra, Owaisi, chant, Hanuman, Chalisa, PM, Modi, Rahul, Priyanka, Gandhi, address, election|death,Hanuman,Mishra,400,Priyanka|kapil,hanuman,mishra,coronavirus,modi,priyanka,delhi,gandhi,zealand,china,chalisa,pm,virat,kohli,shaw,owaisi,new,prithvi,rahul|1580794500
5e4124906e5e64d927600449|SINGAPORE — Even before Singapore confirmed its first imported case of the Wuhan virus, the hotel room in Shangri-La’s Rasa Sentosa where the patient stayed was disinfected and sanitised after he went to the hospital. The room has also been sealed. Speaking to the media on Thursday night (Jan 23) hours after a media briefing by the Ministry of Health (MOH), Mr Josef Dolp, the executive vice-president of operations for Southeast Asia and Australasia of Shangri-La Group, also said that the four hotel employees who cleaned the man’s room and served the guests have been isolated. The 66-year-old man, who lives in Wuhan, arrived in Singapore from Guangzhou on Monday night and was travelling with nine other companions. He stayed at Rasa Sentosa until Wednesday and during this period, he fell ill and notified the hotel’s staff members. He went by taxi to the Singapore General Hospital on Wednesday and has been isolated after he was admitted. The hotel had put in place precautionary measures even before Jan 20, the day that the man checked into the hotel. Mr Dolp said of what happened after the man left for the hospital: “We isolated our staff and we asked them to stay at home and wear masks and wait for the result.” On Thursday evening, the man tested positive for the new coronavirus that has killed 17 in China and infected hundreds in other countries, with cases reported in Japan, South Korea Taiwan, Thailand and the United States. The latest country after Singapore to confirm its first case is Vietnam. CONTRACT TRACING With the results confirmed, Mr Dolp said that the Government is aware of the identities of the four isolated hotel employees and their conditions are being monitored by the Government as well. The hotel will support MOH’s efforts in contact tracing beyond the four workers, through the use of surveillance footage and so forth, he added . Mr Josef Dolp, the executive vice-president of operations for Southeast Asia and Australasia of Shangri-La Group, said that hotel employees have been reminded to practise strict hygiene habits at all times. Photo: CNA In recent weeks, due to the growing threat of the virus which causes fever, pneumonia and other flu-like symptoms, Mr Dolp said that the hotel has been taking more precautionary measures. After guests have checked out, the rooms have been thoroughly disinfected and sanitised. “We have increased our cleaning and sanitising frequency of guest rooms, hotel facilities and all public areas. Temperature checks are in place for our guests and colleagues. “We have also reminded our staff to practise strict hygiene habits at all times, to stay at home if they are not feeling well and to seek medical attention immediately if they believe they have some symptoms suggestive of respiratory illness,” he added. Mr Dolp said that they will work with other hotel guests who might have concerns about transmission. “We will, of course, install information desks… we will address questions the guests have. We will also, if they want to move, help them to move.” The authorities in China confirmed a few days ago that the coronavirus could be transmitted from human to human. Coronaviruses are transmitted between animals and people. In rare cases, they evolve and spread from human to human. The new virus, known as 2019-nCoV, is a strain that has not been previously identified in humans. It is in the same family as the ones that caused the Middle East respiratory syndrome (Mers), as well as the severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars) outbreak which killed almost 800 people worldwide from 2002 to 2003, including 33 in Singapore. The Sars virus was transmitted from civet cats to humans and the one causing Mers was from one-hump camels to humans. To date, the source of the new virus has not yet been established.|hotel, Dolp, Singapore, virus, man, guests, isolated, human, confirmed, room, Shangri, La, employees, staff, respiratory, transmitted, humans, case, Wuhan, Rasa|guests,virus,transmitted,isolated,human|taiwan,thailand,shangri,wuhan,health,moh,vietnam,sars,dolp,singapore,united,japan,guangzhou,general,middle,sentosa,government,s,la,east,group,hospital,rasa,of,ministry,australasia,south,southeast,korea,mers,josef,china,asia,states|1579799071
5e4124776e5e64d927600411|During the recent Chinese New Year celebrations, the Wuhan virus was the hot topic around my family’s dinner table, with many relatives fretting about how virulent the new coronavirus is. I’m sure similar conversations took place across the island. Judging by online activities, the virus is the talk of the town. “Wuhan virus” has been a top search term on Google and trending on Twitter for many days now. Turn on the television or check out a news website and you will also see plenty of coverage on the Wuhan coronavirus, which the World Health Organisation (WHO) has dubbed 2019-nCoV. The outbreak has caused global alarm, and understandably so. It is a new pathogen, and scientists know little about it. Fear of the unknown is a very human trait that has helped keep our species alive through the millennia. It keeps us from blundering into potentially dangerous situations without first finding out more about what to expect and how to prepare ourselves. But we should also avoid letting our emotions get the better of us. Reflexivity — the act of critically examining our own thoughts and feelings — is important. Before concluding that the ongoing viral epidemic is a catastrophe, take a step back and understand the reasons why many people are afraid. Much of it has to do with the availability heuristic. Heuristics are mental shortcuts our minds use to make thinking faster and less effortful. Unfortunately, they are error-prone. The availability heuristic is used when we make judgements about the likelihood of something. Quite often, the judgements we arrive at turn out to be inaccurate. A classic example is this: We tend to be afraid of flying in airplanes but not riding in cars. But statistically speaking, we are more likely to die in a car accident than a plane crash . Why does the availability heuristic make such mistakes? This is because it judges how likely something is based on how easy it is to think of examples of that thing happening. We can think of many examples of fatal plane crashes because such incidents tend to be widely covered by the media. But traffic accidents usually go unnoticed because they are an everyday occurrence and the media rarely covers them unless they involve multiple casualties or cause significant damage. The influence of the availability heuristic was very apparent in another epidemic — the 2009 swine flu, caused by the Influenza A H1N1 virus. I was only 12 then, and I remember how the grownups, their eyes glued to the day’s newspaper, spoke to one another in hushed tones about how bad the pandemic was and how many people were dying. Eventually, I caught the bug. But it was nothing a three-day stay in an isolation ward and a brief course of Tamiflu couldn’t fix. H1N1 is still around today, but has faded into obscurity. It is now just another flu virus — one of dozens responsible for the seasonal flu. Of course, we now know that the 2009 variant of H1N1 was a relatively mild strain. It infected up to 200 million people but its mortality rate was a modest 0.02 per cent. The mortality rate in Singapore was even lower at 0.004 per cent, with 18 fatalities from some 415,000 cases. It was a good illustration of how people’s imagined fears, fuelled by media coverage, can make a relatively small problem seem like a huge one thanks to the availability heuristic. It’s hard not to overestimate your likelihood of dying from H1N1 if you’re constantly reading reports about how thousands have already succumbed. To put the numbers in context, the severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (Mers) viruses — which are cousins of 2019-nCoV — have a 10 per cent and 34 per cent mortality rate respectively . The mortality rate of 2019-nCoV itself stands at below 3 per cent for now, though this could change if new information emerges about the virus or if it mutates into a more dangerous form. Meanwhile, the humble seasonal flu sickens up to a billion people — equivalent to roughly 15 per cent of the world’s population — every year, killing up to 650,000. Although this works out to a mortality rate of less than 1 per cent, the sheer number of cases means that even now, we are far more likely to come down with — and subsequently die from — the regular flu than the Wuhan virus. So if you see someone coughing, keep your mind in check. Don’t immediately assume that they have the Wuhan virus. It’s probably just the regular flu. And when you are thinking and discussing with others about the outbreak, do your best to seek out the facts and use logical reasoning. Because the virus is new and little is known about it, people may fill the void of information with speculation and hearsay. It has already happened here. Fake news that individuals had died from the virus in Singapore has circulated on at least two occasions, forcing the Government to debunk the misinformation and even issue a general correction direction through the Protection from Online Falsehoods and Manipulation Act Office. It can be very tempting to share such rumours with family and friends, because they are dramatic and prey on our emotions. But apply some media literacy techniques first, before deciding whether to press the “send” button. Read about past epidemics and how viruses work on free information platforms like Wikipedia. Consume news from multiple outlets so you can corroborate the facts across different sources. As Trade and Industry Minister Chan Chun Sing said on Jan 27 at a press conference about the Wuhan virus situation in Singapore: “This is not just a fight on the medical front, but a fight on the psychological front. We have to stay together, and do not panic .” In short, let’s not scare ourselves unnecessarily, and refrain from scaring one another too.  ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Jonathan Tiong is a fourth-year student at the National University of Singapore where he is majoring in Communications and New Media.|virus, cent, Wuhan, people, flu, availability, heuristic, mortality, rate, make, media, H1N1, Singapore, 2019, nCoV, information, family, coronavirus, check, coverage|virus,flu,availability,information,media|wuhan,google,t,office,university,health,communications,tamiflu,world,singapore,chan,manipulation,and,influenza,year,middle,jonathan,east,online,from,h1n1,don,sing,of,tiong,new,falsehoods,protection,chinese,act,organisation,national,chun,media|1580368091
5e3e6541a6201cadba7c809e|"As the World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the coronavirus outbreak a global health emergency, China has said all countries should behave in a ""responsible"" manner and avoid overreaction that may result in more negative spillover effects. China informed the WHO about the coronavirus cases in late December. The death toll in China's novel coronavirus outbreak on Friday climbed to 213 with the number of confirmed cases totalling to 9,692. The WHO said there had been 98 cases in 18 other countries, but no deaths. Most international cases are in people who had been to the Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the epidemic. ""We are still at a very critical stage in fighting the coronavirus. International solidarity is extremely important and for that purpose all countries should behave in an appropriate and responsible manner, China’s Ambassador to the UN Zhang Jun said on Thursday. Speaking to reporters here, Jun said while Beijing understands the concerns of other countries over the outbreak, ""we should also listen to the advice"" of the Director General of the WHO Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus who has said that he ""has full confidence in China’s efforts to combat the outbreak. Jun said that ""there is no reason for measures that unnecessarily interfere with international travel and trade"" and the WHO doesn't recommend limiting trade and movement. The Chinese envoy added that under the current circumstances, the world needs solidarity in combating the outbreak. He stressed that all countries should adopt a responsible attitude, work together to combat the virus, and avoid ""overreaction that may result in spillover negative effects. He also added that we are still making our assessment of the WHO declaration . WHO’s Emergency Committee, declaring the coronavirus outbreak a global health emergency, called on all countries to take urgent measures to contain the respiratory disease. The main reason for this declaration is not what is happening in China, but what is happening in other countries,"" said the WHO chief, praising the ""extraordinary measures"" taken there by authorities. China quickly identified the virus and shared its sequence, so that other countries could diagnose it quickly and protect themselves, which has resulted in rapid diagnostic tools,"" said the statement from the Committee. According to a press release issued by the Chinese Mission to the UN, Jun reiterated that the WHO DG clearly stated that the main reason for this declaration is not because of what is happening in China but about protecting countries with weaker health systems and which are ill-prepared to deal with potential spread. He said WHO continues to have confidence in China's capacity to control the outbreak and the Director-General's recommendations should be seriously considered. The US issued a 'Do Not Travel' advisory for China due to the coronavirus outbreak. ""Do not travel to China due to novel coronavirus first identified in Wuhan, China. On January 30, the World Health Organisation has determined the rapidly spreading outbreak constitutes a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. Travelers should be prepared for travel restrictions to be put into effect with little or no advance notice. Commercial carriers have reduced or suspended routes to and from China, the advisory said. Last week, the Department of State ordered the departure of all non-emergency US personnel and their family members from Wuhan."|China, outbreak, countries, coronavirus, cases, Jun, Health, health, emergency, responsible, Chinese, Wuhan, reason, measures, travel, declaration, happening, World, Organisation, global|health,Jun,reason,travel,countries|state,wuhan,ghebreyesus,adhanom,department,health,un,not,travel,beijing,world,us,emergency,who,international,s,zhang,concern,of,dg,do,committee,chinese,organisation,china,jun,tedros,public|1580424060
5e424b729cf40ff4ede484a9|PITTSBURG, Pennsylvania: Snakes – the Chinese krait and the Chinese cobra – may be the original source of the newly discovered coronavirus that has triggered an outbreak of a deadly infectious respiratory illness in China this winter. The illness was first reported in late December 2019 in Wuhan, a major city in central China, and has been rapidly spreading. Since then, sick travelers from Wuhan have infected people in China and other countries, including the United States. Using samples of the virus isolated from patients, scientists in China have determined the genetic code of the virus and used microscopes to photograph it. The pathogen responsible for this pandemic is a new coronavirus. It’s in the same family of viruses as the well-known severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS), which have killed hundreds of people in the past 17 years. The World Health Organization (WHO) has named the new coronavirus 2019-nCoV. But there are many questions that need to be answered to curb the spread of this public health threat. THE DEADLY WUHAN CORONAVIRUS The name of coronavirus comes from its shape, which resembles a crown or solar corona when imaged using an electron microscope. Coronavirus is transmitted through the air and primarily infects the upper respiratory and gastrointestinal tract of mammals and birds. Though most of the members of the coronavirus family only cause mild flu-like symptoms during infection, SARS and MERS can infect both upper and lower airways and cause severe respiratory illness and other complications in humans.  This new 2019-nCoV causes similar symptoms to SARS and MERS. People infected with these coronaviruses suffer a severe inflammatory response. Unfortunately, there is no approved vaccine or antiviral treatment available for coronavirus infection. A better understanding of the life cycle of 2019-nCoV, including the source of the virus, how it is transmitted and how it replicates are needed to both prevent and treat the disease. THE PROBLEM WITH ZOONOTIC TRANSMISSIONS Both SARS and MERS are classified as zoonotic viral diseases, meaning the first patients who were infected acquired these viruses directly from animals. This was possible because while in the animal host, the virus had acquired a series of genetic mutations that allowed it to infect and multiply inside humans. Now these viruses can be transmitted from person to person. Field studies have revealed that the original source of SARS and MERS is the bat, and that the masked palm civets (a mammal native to Asia and Africa) and camels, respectively, served as intermediate hosts between bats and humans. In the case of this 2019 coronavirus outbreak, reports state that most of the first group of patients hospitalised were workers or customers at a local seafood wholesale market which also sold processed meats and live consumable animals including poultry, donkeys, sheep, pigs, camels, foxes, badgers, bamboo rats, hedgehogs and reptiles.  However, since no one has ever reported finding a coronavirus infecting aquatic animals, it is plausible that the coronavirus may have originated from other animals sold in that market. The hypothesis that the 2019-nCoV jumped from an animal at the market is strongly supported by a new publication in the Journal of Medical Virology. The scientists conducted an analysis and compared the genetic sequences of 2019-nCoV and all other known coronaviruses. The study of the genetic code of 2019-nCoV reveals that the new virus is most closely related to two bat SARS-like coronavirus samples from China, initially suggesting that, like SARS and MERS, the bat might also be the origin of 2019-nCoV. The authors further found that the RNA coding sequence of 2019-nCoV spike protein, which forms the “crown” of the virus particle that recognises the receptor on a host cell, indicates that the bat virus might have mutated before infecting people. But when the researchers performed a more detailed bioinformatics analysis of the sequence of 2019-nCoV, it suggests that this coronavirus might come from snakes. FROM BATS TO SNAKES The researchers used an analysis of the protein codes favoured by the new coronavirus and compared it to the protein codes from coronaviruses found in different animal hosts, like birds, snakes, marmots, hedgehogs, manis, bats and humans. Surprisingly, they found that the protein codes in the 2019-nCoV are most similar to those used in snakes. Snakes often hunt for bats in wild. Reports indicate that snakes were sold in the local seafood market in Wuhan, raising the possibility that the 2019-nCoV might have jumped from the host species – bats – to snakes and then to humans at the beginning of this coronavirus outbreak. However, how the virus could adapt to both the cold-blooded and warm-blooded hosts remains a mystery. The authors of the report and other researchers must verify the origin of the virus through laboratory experiments. Searching for the 2019-nCoV sequence in snakes would be the first thing to do.  However, since the outbreak, the seafood market has been disinfected and shut down, which makes it challenging to trace the new virus’ source animal. Sampling RNA from animals sold at the market and from wild snakes and bats is needed to confirm the origin of the virus. Nonetheless, the reported findings will also provide insights for developing prevention and treatment protocols. The 2019-nCoV outbreak is another reminder that people should limit the consumption of wild animals to prevent zoonotic infections. Follow us on Telegram for the latest updates: https://cna.asia/telegram Haitao Guo is Professor of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics at the University of Pittsburgh. Shou-Jiang Gao is Professor of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics at the same university. Guangxiang George Luo is Professor of Microbiology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. This commentary first appeared in The Conversation.|coronavirus, 2019, nCoV, virus, SARS, snakes, MERS, animals, market, outbreak, respiratory, China, humans, bats, source, people, genetic, animal, bat, sold|genetic,virus,bats,bat,sold|africa,wuhan,alabama,birmingham,journal,luo,university,health,guangxiang,sars,world,pittsburgh,united,microbiology,molecular,guo,and,middle,nonetheless,who,east,shou,pennsylvania,haitao,gao,of,medical,mers,2019,jiang,virology,chinese,organization,ncov,china,states,asia,pittsburg,george,genetics|1579742580
5e414c2b7e27cd38d1b1ef67|"The Wuhan health authorities in central China admitted this Wednesday the possibility that the respiratory disease that killed a person and infected 40 is transmissible between humans. In a statement published on the official portal, the Wuhan Municipal Health Commission explained that, although there is no case of contagion between proven humans, the possibility of ""limited"" occurrence cannot be ruled out. Local authorities stressed, however, that ""the risk of infection among humans is low"". Cases of viral pneumonia have raised fears about a potential epidemic after an investigation has identified the disease a s a new type of coronavirus, a kind of virus that causes respiratory infections in humans and animals and are transmitted through cough, sneezing or physical contact. Some of these viruses result only in a cold, while others may generate more serious respiratory diseases, such a s atypical pneumonia, or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which between 2002 and 2003 killed more than eight thousand people worldwide. The virus broadcast alert was issued after the first case detected outside China was known this week, that of a Thai who visited Wuhan. The investigation suggested that the disease originated in a shellfish market located in the suburbs of Wuhan, a city in central China and an important domestic and international transport centre. More than 700 of these people who have maintained ""close contact"" with the infected are being monitored, in addition to medical staff who initially treated patients without adequate protection. The period of quarantine and observation established by the authorities is 14 days, the Commission explained. Among the 41 infected people with new viral pneumonia, a 61-year-old man died last week. Yeah. Seven others are in critical condition, Wuhan's health authorities said. The World Health Organisation (WHO) announced on Monday that measures to prevent and control infection were implemented in hospitals around the world, in the light of the new coronavirus and the possibility of an epidemic. For the time being, the WHO has not issued alerts on visits to Wuhan, nor has it established an emergency committee for this disease. According to one agency spokesperson, Chinese laboratories have already sequenced the coronavirus genome and provided data to the global health community to help diagnose possible cases outside the country. According to WHO, between 14 and 15% of SARS cases end in death, while in the case of Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), a disease also caused by a coronavirus, the number increases to 35%. So far, the symptoms described for Wuhan's viral pneumonia ar e fever and fatigue, accompanied by a dry cough and, in many cases, shortness of breath."|Wuhan, disease, authorities, respiratory, humans, pneumonia, coronavirus, health, China, possibility, infected, case, viral, people, cases, central, killed, Health, Commission, explained|health,infected,central,authorities,respiratory|commission,east,world,wuhan,thai,chinese,china,organisation,health,municipal,middle,who,s|1579080564
5e3e6553a6201cadba7c8137|"One in two Australians have donated money to support bushfire relief efforts, a new survey showed over the weekend, with meteorologists warning more hot and dry weather is to return after a heavy rain respite dampened many of the blazes. The Australian bush has always burned, but this season's fires, which began early, have in the past four months claimed the lives of 33 people, millions of animals and have charred an area nearly the size of Greece. With the fires also destroying thousands of homes and inflicting psychological and physical damage to many, Australians have been increasingly coming together to aid one another as the country looks to rebuilding. Some 53% of Australians have donated to a bushfire appeal during this season, a survey conducted by the fundraising and marketing consultancy More Strategic in partnership with the Fundraising Institute Australia (FIA) showed over the weekend. Nearly half of the donations went to a collection organised on behalf of a charity, while 14% have donated through Facebook. Estimates on total money collected vary, as donations keep pouring from Australia and abroad, with some Australian media saying hundreds of millions of dollars have come in so far. Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on Monday that he will move a motion of condolence at the parliament's first sitting in early February. ""These fires have been devastating but through these terrible times we have also witnessed the Australian spirit on display with an outpouring of love, support, courage and generosity,"" Morrison said in a statement. With more than a week of solid rains in Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland, the three states most affected by the bushfires, the number of blazes has more than halved, but there were still several dozen fires burning, according to fire services. Meteorologists warned on Monday, however, that the cooler conditions may be over . ""The reprieve may be short lived with a blast of heat likely late this week in some areas,"" the Bureau of Meteorology in the New South Wales state said on Twitter."|fires, Australians, donated, Australian, money, support, bushfire, survey, showed, weekend, blazes, season, early, millions, Australia, donations, Morrison, Monday, South, Wales|millions,fires,season,Australia,Morrison|australians,queensland,institute,victoria,meteorology,more,strategic,south,bureau,fia,of,scott,fundraising,morrison,wales,australian,new,australia,greece|1580100660
5e40cea2c0fe4e1400def481|"In the face of the raging Coronavirus, the Formula One leadership is working on a dodge date for the Chinese Grand Prix. According to the ""Bild"" newspaper, the fourth season race is cancelled at 19. April in Shanghai just before. In this case, a shift to the end of the year is considered an alternative place in the XXL calendar with the first 22 Grand Prix but is rare. ""We will take the opportunity to see if the race can take place later in the year,"" Formula One sports director Ross Brawn said in several media, including the Internet portal ""motorsport.com"". ""I think that if there is a chance that it will not take place in April, it will be postponed."" Brawn thinks it's impractical to make an appointment with another Grand Prix. ""We probably wouldn't do that,"" said the 65-year-old. ""We will simply try to find a time window so that the race could take place by the end of the year."" According to the journal ""Auto, Motor and Sport"", however, two versions are said to have already failed in the teams: Should the Chinese race be on the 9th. August a week after the Hungarian Grand Prix, the summer break would be shortened; and directly between Brazil on the 15th. November and the season finale at 29th. Having Abu Dhabi drive in November was therefore considered to be too much of a burden. Such a so-called Triple Header with events on three consecutive weekends had only existed when tours were shot in France, Austria and England. Formula 1 wants 2020 to go to China as the market is important for the motorsport king class. In the event of a cancellation, the organizer in Shanghai would have to take action in the first place. Speculation about Hockenheimring as an alternative location in April is not serious. Currently there are no conversations between formula 1 and the traditional course in Nordbaden Yeah. ""A Formula One race is a huge challenge,"" said Managing Director Jorn Teske of the German Press Agency. In the recent past, the course was only one year ahead of advertising. In principle, however, one was of course ""open to everything"", said his managing colleague Jochen Nerpel. For Hockenheim, a Formula One race was not expected last time. The FIA Motorsport World Association had announced that it would evaluate the calendar of the next races and, if necessary, take all necessary measures to help protect the global motor sports community and the general public. The Coronavirus broke out in Wuhan a few weeks ago. According to the Chinese health authority, around 25.000 people are now ill. Many events in the country have already been cancelled. (dpa)"|race, Formula, year, place, Grand, Prix, Chinese, April, Coronavirus, season, cancelled, Shanghai, end, considered, alternative, calendar, sports, Brawn, motorsport, time|season,cancelled,race,end,Shanghai|internet,england,press,wuhan,xxl,dhabi,sport,prix,jorn,header,auto,france,world,motor,coronavirus,formula,brawn,jochen,ross,yeah,agency,1,austria,motorsport,abu,nerpel,bild,hungarian,association,nordbaden,grand,german,chinese,one,china,triple,brazil,hockenheimring,fia,hockenheim,shanghai,teske|1580943600
5e3fa71e7789d687c1b75797|"Geneva, 4 February. /tass/ The director general of the World Health Organization (who), tedros Adana gebleysu, requested the authorities of who Member States to provide detailed information on the issue. Colorado 2019 - ncov ""I call on all Member States to provide who with detailed information, including epidemiological information, clinical burden and research and findings."" Twitter who. ""The leaders of the organization believe that without detailed information, it is difficult to assess the development of the outbreak and the possible impact of the disease."" ""The most important advice."". He stressed that if countries work together, 2019 - ncov will win. The director general of who reported that 42 countries had notified the adoption of trade and travel restrictions related to the League of Arab States. In his view, these activities should be short-term, proportionate and should be reviewed on a regular basis. "" ""Once again, we call on all countries to impose restrictions that unnecessarily impede international travel and trade."" About At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia in Wuhan. In addition to China, the disease has also been found in 24 countries, including Russia. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 20000. More than 420 people died. Deaths have also occurred outside mainland China. This information has been revised (see ISIC 20th edition) 20:54."|information, 2019, countries, States, detailed, ncov, outbreak, China, director, general, World, Health, Organization, authorities, Member, provide, call, including, disease, trade|call,ncov,Organization,authorities,disease|world,russia,adana,wuhan,colorado,organization,geneva,arab,chinese,china,states,health,of,league,tedros,who,member|1580853888
5e3fa53ac7d7d06da7396f0b|"Moscow, February 3 - Russian news agency. The Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, Tatyana Golikov, announced that measures and plans to prevent the spread of the Colorado virus had been adopted in most parts of Russia. She said the Colorado operations headquarters discussed preparedness for new infections in various parts of the country. The Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, Mikhail mishushin, signed a national plan to prevent the acquisition and spread of the Colorado virus in Russia. Each region must develop its action plan based on this plan. I have to say that the various regions of the country have basically accepted such a plan. "" Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 17200 people were infected with coronavirus in China, and 361 died. Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|Colorado, plan, Russian, virus, China, Prime, Minister, Federation, prevent, spread, parts, Russia, country, 2019, people, Moscow, February, agency, Deputy, Tatyana|country,virus,plan,Russian,Federation|tatyana,russia,mishushin,world,wuhan,colorado,chinese,organization,mikhail,russian,china,health,golikov,moscow|1580738580
5e4a8fb1f6963609bf9887c3|Feb 17 (Reuters) - CGN Power Co Ltd: * CANCELLATION OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING DUE TO PNEUMONIA EPIDEMIC CAUSED BY NOVEL CORONAVIRUS INFECTION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:|Feb, 17, Reuters, CGN, Power, CANCELLATION, EXTRAORDINARY, GENERAL, MEETING, DUE, PNEUMONIA, EPIDEMIC, CAUSED, CORONAVIRUS, INFECTION, Source, text, Eikon, company, coverage|GENERAL,CORONAVIRUS,Power,Source,17|ltd,cgn,power,further,eikon,co|1581939120
5e3e651da6201cadba7c8035|"Japan has confirmed a third case of infection by China's coronavirus, the health ministry said on Saturday. The latest case was confirmed in a woman in her 30s who lives in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the outbreak. She arrived in Japan on Jan. 18, the ministry said. The death toll from China's coronavirus outbreak jumped on Saturday to 41 from 26 a day earlier. More than 1,300 people have been infected globally, highlighting the challenges for health authorities around the world working to prevent a global pandemic. The Health Commission of Hubei Province said in a statement published early Saturday that 180 new cases had been reported as of end-Friday, putting the total number of confirmed patients in the province at 752. Just three of the 41 deaths took place outside China's Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. This is nearly a 60 per cent jump from the previous death toll, that was 26, The New York Times reported. State-run China Global Television Network reported in a tweet on Saturday that a doctor who had been treating patients in Wuhan, 62-year-old Liang Wudong, had died from the virus. It was not immediately clear if his death was already counted in the official toll of 41, of which 39 were in the central province of Hubei, where Wuhan is located. US coffee chain Starbucks said on Saturday that it was closing all its outlets in Hubei province for the week-long Lunar New Year holiday, following a similar move by McDonald's in five Hubei cities. Wuhan, a city of 11 million, has been in virtual lockdown since Thursday, with nearly all flights at the airport cancelled and checkpoints blocking the main roads leading out of town. Authorities have since imposed transport restrictions on nearly all of Hubei province, which has a population of 59 million . In Beijing on Saturday, workers in white protective suits checked temperatures of passengers entering the subway at the central railway station, while some train services in eastern China's Yangtze River Delta region were suspended, the local railway operator said. The number of confirmed cases in China stands at 1,287, the National Health Commission said on Saturday. The virus has also been detected in Thailand, Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Nepal, Malaysia, France, the United States and Australia. Australia on Saturday announced its first case of coronavirus, a Chinese national in his 50s, who had been in Wuhan and arrived from China on Jan. 19 on a flight from Guangzhou. He is in stable condition in a Melbourne hospital. ""Given the number of cases that have been found outside of China and the significant traffic from Wuhan city in the past to Australia, it was not unexpected that we would get some cases,"" Australia's Chief Medical Officer Brendan Murphy told a news conference. ""This is the first confirmed case. There are other cases being tested each day, many of them are negative, but I wouldn't be surprised if we had further confirmed cases."" The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Friday it had 63 patients under investigation, with two confirmed cases, both in people who had travelled to Wuhan. REINFORCEMENTS TO WUHAN The World Health Organization (WHO) declared the new coronavirus an ""emergency in China"" this week but stopped short of declaring it of international concern. Human-to-human transmission has been observed in the virus. China's National Health Commission said on Saturday it had formed six medical teams totalling 1,230 medical staff to help Wuhan. Three of the six teams, from Shanghai, Guangdong and military hospitals have arrived in Wuhan . Hubei province, where authorities are rushing to build a 1,000 bed hospital in six days to treat patients, announced on Saturday that there were 658 patients affected by the virus in treatment, 57 of whom were critically ill. The newly-identified coronavirus has created alarm because there are still many unknowns surrounding it, such as how dangerous it is and how easily it spreads between people. It can cause pneumonia, which has been deadly in some cases. Symptoms include fever, difficulty breathing and coughing. Most of the fatalities have been in elderly patients, many with pre-existing conditions, the WHO said. NEW YEAR DISRUPTIONS Airports around the world have stepped up screening of passengers from China, though some health officials and experts have questioned the effectiveness of such screenings and of the lockdown. Health officials fear the transmission rate could accelerate as hundreds of millions of Chinese travel before and during the week-long Lunar New Year holiday, which began on Saturday, although many have cancelled their plans, with airlines and railways in China providing free refunds. The virus outbreak and efforts to contain it have put a dampener on what is ordinarily a festive time of year. Shanghai Disneyland was closed from Saturday. The theme park has a 100,000 daily capacity and sold out during last year's Lunar New Year holiday. Beijing's Lama Temple, where people traditionally make offerings for the new year, has also closed, as have some other temples and the Forbidden City, the capital's most famous tourist attraction. Sections of the Great Wall near the capital were also closed off. Film premieres have been postponed."|China, Saturday, Wuhan, cases, confirmed, coronavirus, Hubei, patients, Health, province, virus, case, outbreak, people, year, Australia, Japan, health, Chinese, city|province,virus,Australia,Japan,health|commission,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,delta,disease,brendan,nepal,malaysia,guangdong,city,health,disneyland,wall,vietnam,australia,beijing,network,france,york,singapore,united,wudong,us,world,hubei,and,japan,prevention,guangzhou,year,great,temple,who,s,forbidden,for,times,lunar,the,starbucks,of,television,mcdonald,global,new,south,korea,lama,melbourne,chinese,organization,centers,china,states,liang,river,national,control,shanghai,yangtze,murphy,province|1579894500
5e40cb994aed7a2c27490f60|"For the first time since the outbreak of the Coronavirus, a person outside China has died as a result of a new respiratory disease. Like the The World Health Organization (WHO) announced on Sunday that Philippines is a Chinese from Wuhan, where the Coronavirus first appeared in humans in December. Since then, it has spread to nearly thirty countries. ""This is the first reported Death outside China,""said WHO representative Rabindra Abeyasinghe in Manila! He added, however, that it should be borne in mind that the man did not the Philippines. The deceased is a 44-year-old male on 25th. In January, the Philippine Ministry of Health announced that he had arrived at the hospital with fever, cough and sore throat. Later, the man was suffering from pneumonia. However, he was in stable condition and signs of recovery It went on. Surprisingly, the his condition in the last 24 hours then again He died in a hospital in Manila. At the end of 2019, the Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organisation (WHO) a frequency of pneumonia of unclear cause in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Already a week later, Chinese researchers identified a novel virus as the cause of the disease. It belongs to the group of Coronavires. A few days later, a group around the virologist Christian Drosten of the Berlin Charite published the first diagnostic test for the new virus, which researchers provisionally call 2019-nCoV. The test can be used to detect the virus in the laboratory. As a source of the pathogen, the Chinese authorities suspect a food market in Wuhan, where, in addition to fish and seafood, exotic animals such as snakes were sold. The market was closed and disinfected Yeah. Both the respiratory diseases Sars (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and Mers (Middle East respiratory syndrome) are caused by coronary viruses that originate in animals. During the Sars pandemic, in the years 2002 and 2003, about 8.000 people died, more than 750. The Mers virus has infected people from its discovery 2012 to the end of the year 2019 about 2.500, and every third person has died from it. Overall, however, there are several hundred types of coronavirus. Many of them affect the airways and can cause, for example, colds. In China, several thousand people are now ill, some of them, most likely pre-infected, have died of pneumonia caused by the virus. The first infections outside China were known in Thailand, Japan and South Korea. These are travellers who had previously been to Wuhan. I have 21. In January, US authorities reported the first infection in a tourist who returned from Wuhan on the 24th. In January, the first cases in France became known. In the meantime, the first cases in Germany have also been confirmed. Typical signs of infection are fever, cough and difficulty breathing. The virus can cause pneumonia that can end in death. Because it's a viral disease, antibiotics don't help. It is now clear that the virus can be transmitted from human to human. The Chinese authorities have confirmed several such transmissions after about a dozen medical personnel have been notified. Doctors assume that the virus is mainly transmitted via droplet infection. The World Health Organization, like it does on 24th. January, currently reporting that an infected person in sections 1,4 to 2,5 infects other people. If these numbers persist, the virus is less contagious than sars and also the virus flu The WHO recommends general hygiene rules: wash your hands frequently and avoid close contact with people with respiratory diseases and wild animals. There's no way to say for sure yet. The World Health Organization shared on 28. In January, approximately one fifth of the reported cases are seriously affected by the virus, so in case of doubt intensive medical treatment is required. According to reports, the first victims were patients who had some severe pre-existing diseases. Other infectious diseases also pose a particular risk to people with pre-existing diseases, such as influenza. Coronaviruses are known to mutate, so they can change their heritage. This may lead to them becoming more dangerous to humans during an outbreak, but also to the exact opposite. The Robert Koch Institute (RKI) does not currently expect a mortality rate similar to that of the Sars outbreak. Like the Philippine Health Minister Francisco Duque said the man had traveled to the country alongside a Chinese woman who had also tested positive for the virus. The woman rests currently in hospital from the infection. Shortly before the death, the Philippine government had closed the country's border to all foreign immigrants from China. Other countries, including Australia and the USA, have imposed similar entry bans. In the People's Republic, the number of infected and fatalities is increasing despite massive security measures. After Authorities have so far reported that 304 patients have died from the virus in China. More than 14.300 people have been infected in the country. Nine cases are known in Germany. Spain also reported that a German tourist was infected by the Coronavirus Yeah. A passenger on board a German military machine with which more than 100 Germans had returned from the Chinese city of Wuhan on Saturday is suspected of carrying the virus. Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province, is considered to be the center of the expansion and is under quarantine. It is currently believed that the virus of wild animals was transmitted to humans in a market. Because of the rapid spread of the virus, for the first time a city outside the province of Hubei has severely restricted the freedom of movement of its inhabitants. In the nine-million-inhabitant metropolis of Wenzhou on the east coast of China, only one person per household is allowed to go on the street every two days to buy the most necessary for life, local authorities said. The city also closed 46 motorway toll stations. The Chinese government also called on the weekend to postpone weddings and to hold mourning parties in a small framework. Travel in China, however, increased again, because on Monday the New Year holidays extended due to the virus end."|virus, Chinese, China, Wuhan, people, died, Health, reported, infected, respiratory, January, authorities, diseases, person, World, pneumonia, end, city, animals, infection|virus,infected,authorities,respiratory,pneumonia|people,philippines,wuhan,thailand,abeyasinghe,koch,duque,health,wenzhou,sars,rki,australia,spain,france,republic,world,philippine,berlin,germany,us,coronavirus,francisco,hubei,robert,japan,usa,yeah,drosten,year,manila,who,germans,christian,s,said,institute,the,charite,rabindra,of,ministry,south,new,korea,mers,coronavires,german,organization,chinese,china,organisation,province|1580618640
5e412681580f2ab8cd8a0638|"Singapore is confident that China will be able to deal decisively with the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, Home Affairs and Law Minister K. Shanmugam said yesterday. He told reporters that Beijing had brought its national resources to bear on the issue, and others should be supportive of what China is doing and help it. ""If we help China deal with this, the problem becomes smaller for everyone else,"" he said. His comments come a day after Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said China was doing all it can to contain the spread of the virus and that Singapore's efforts will complement this. China has also imposed travel restrictions on its end, preventing the departure of outbound tour groups. Mr Shanmugam was at Changi Airport to meet Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) officers, after Singapore's travel restrictions took effect on Saturday. He said Singapore introduced the travel restrictions based on medical evidence, and given its small size and population density, especially as those who are affected may show no symptoms for 14 days. Each country is in a different situation, he added, saying that given Singapore's size, ""the spread can be very fast if we are not careful"". ""We know (the virus) has spread in other parts of China. How much, we don't know. People could come and... the spread in Singapore, with such an intense density of population, can be quite substantial,"" he said. ""I'm sure the Chinese government doesn't want it, and we don't want it. Our primary duty is to make sure Singaporeans are safe. Our quarantine facilities are limited, our medical facilities can be easily stretched."" He emphasised that the travel restrictions are not directed at any nationality, but are based on geographical considerations . ""If you've been in China, whoever you are, then the restrictions kick in,"" he said, adding that while 15 persons were turned away as of 1pm yesterday, only one-third or five were Chinese passport holders. ""It is based on science, it is not nationality; and it is based on our own situation and our limited resources, and the possibility that the spread can be quite fast in a place like Singapore,"" he said. The Government announced on Friday that all travellers who have been in China within the past 14 days will be barred from entry or transit. Returning Singaporeans, permanent residents and long-term pass holders will be placed on a leave of absence of 14 days. ICA said the others turned away comprised one Spaniard, one Briton, one Malaysian, two Americans and five Indian passport holders. It also said the restrictions do not apply to Chinese nationals who are already in Singapore. For Chinese nationals who want to extend their social visit passes (SVPs), their applications will be assessed based on prevailing guidelines, it said. ICA added that as of Saturday, it had approved more than 50 applications from Chinese passport holders to extend their SVPs since the announcement of suspensions of new visas on Friday. ""We are agreeable to extend their stay because, for example, a Chinese visitor who had been granted entry into Singapore earlier, and was granted 30 days' stay, when they apply for an extension, would have been in Singapore for more than 14 days, and there is therefore less risk that they would be carrying the 2019-nCoV, as compared to others who may still be in China,"" ICA said."|Singapore, China, restrictions, Chinese, spread, based, days, travel, ICA, 14, holders, passport, extend, deal, Minister, Shanmugam, resources, virus, Saturday, medical|resources,ICA,virus,days,extend|ica,airport,wuhan,immigration,k,singaporeans,changi,beijing,singapore,americans,and,s,briton,lee,shanmugam,checkpoints,indian,2019,spaniard,saturday,chinese,ncov,china,authority,loong,malaysian,hsien|1580677200
5e3e6541a6201cadba7c809d|"Love knows no boundaries and flourishes regardless of nationality and religion. A case in point is an Indian man who recently tied the knot with a woman of Chinese nationality in Madhya Pradesh's Mandsaur. Satyarth Mishra came across Ji Hao, a fellow student who is Chinese by birth when he was a student at Sheridon University in Canada, five years ago. Sparks flew and their friendship turned into love and couple decided to get hitched after persuading their respective parents. The marriage has been scheduled according to Indian rituals on February 2 in Satyarth's hometown. The engagement ceremony took place the day before, for which the bride's parents flew in from China, reaching India on January 29. They were accompanied by Ji's three other close relatives. The couple was seen dancing jubilantly to Indian tunes at the engagement they had been eagerly waiting for. The excitement of marriage was clearly visible on their faces and Satyarth's friends and relatives seemed awestruck at the sight of the new bride. Members of the two families, though distinct from each other in nationality, race and religion expressed immense delight as they got acquainted with each other. Talking about the Indian culture, she said she felt that ""India and China are traditional cultures, so we have something in common but there is also something different"" Satyarth's mother Jyoti seemed filled with joy on the special occasion. She became aware of her son's relationship when he returned to India in 2016 and opened up to her about it after which the family decided to get them married. Talking to ANI, Jyoti added that Ji Hao's parents were having a great time and they keenly observed Indian traditions and customs. She was absolutely delighted to have such a lovely daughter in law. The couple is set to return to Canada after the wedding and Ji Hao's parents would then head back to China."|Indian, Satyarth, Ji, parents, nationality, Hao, couple, China, India, religion, Chinese, student, Canada, flew, decided, marriage, engagement, bride, relatives, Talking|nationality,student,relatives,Indian,Canada|sheridon,mishra,love,india,hao,chinese,ani,canada,china,jyoti,pradesh,ji,university,madhya,satyarth,s,indian,sparks|1580594760
5e40cecdc0fe4e1400def4f8|"The number of deaths due to the novel lung disease in China has risen to 17. With more than 200 evidence within one day, the number of virus infections detected also increased significantly. The Chinese issue of ""Global Times"" in the Short Message Service Weibo reported that 544 people in China have been known to suffer from lung disease. Other infections with the Coronavirus were also known outside China. For the first time, a case was reported in the USA. There is no evidence so far in Europe. (dpa)"|China, number, lung, disease, evidence, infections, reported, deaths, due, risen, 17, 200, day, virus, detected, increased, significantly, Chinese, issue, Global|day,virus,lung,disease,significantly|times,coronavirus,chinese,message,china,service,usa,weibo,global,europe,short|1579647600
5e41556fcae8370994363cf4|The Macao government announced that two people who work in casinos in Macao and live in the neighboring Chinese town of Zhuhai are infected with the new coronavirus. Territorial authorities still don't know where the two, a man and a woman, were infected, but believe it was inside China. The woman was infected in Hubei province, epicenter of the outbreak, Macao authorities said.|Macao, infected, authorities, woman, government, announced, people, work, casinos, live, neighboring, Chinese, town, Zhuhai, coronavirus, Territorial, don, man, inside, China|Macao,infected,woman,authorities,announced|macao,chinese,hubei,china,zhuhai|1580554680
5e41248e6e5e64d927600446|"BEIJING/GENEVA - Foreign governments flew their citizens out of the epicentre of China's coronavirus outbreak on Wednesday, as the number of deaths jumped to 133 and the World Health Organization voiced ""grave concern"" about person-to-person spread in three other countries. The WHO said its Emergency Committee would reconvene behind closed doors on Thursday to decide whether the rapid spread of the new virus from China now constitutes a global emergency. ""In the last few days the progress of the virus especially in some countries, especially human-to-human transmission, worries us,"" WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told a news conference in Geneva, naming Germany, Vietnam and Japan. ""Although the numbers outside China are still relatively small, they hold the potential for a much larger outbreak."" There have been 6,065 cases of the flu-like virus in 15 countries worldwide - all but around 70 in China - according to the latest WHO figures. All the deaths so far have been in China, where the National Health Commission said there had been 132 fatalities as of end-Tuesday. Another death was reported in Sichuan province on Wednesday. The situation remained ""grim and complex"", said Chinese President Xi Jinping, who on Tuesday had vowed to defeat the ""devil"" virus. U.S. President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Xi and his administration was working closely with China on containing the outbreak. Some major airlines suspended flights to China, and a senior economist predicted a major impact on growth. The WHO's panel of 16 independent experts twice last week declined to declare an international emergency, but will re-evaluate the situation on Thursday. ""We are at an important juncture in this event. We believe these chains of transmission can still be interrupted,"" said Mike Ryan, Executive Director of the WHO's Health Emergencies Programme . Ryan also praised China's response, saying: ""They are taking extraordinary measures in the face of what is an extraordinary challenge.""  STREETS DESERTED In many Chinese cities, streets were largely deserted. Tourist attractions were closed, while Starbucks coffee shops required people to have their temperatures taken and to wear masks. ""It's my first time here in Asia, I feel very unlucky,"" said Brazilian tourist Amanda Lee, 23, cutting short a trip. ""I couldn't even see the places I wanted, like the Great Wall."" Almost all the deaths so far have been in the central province of Hubei, home to about 60 million people and now under virtual lockdown. The virus emerged last month in a live wild animal market in the provincial capital Wuhan. ""I was extremely worried that I was stuck there,"" said Takeo Aoyama, who arrived in Tokyo on a chartered plane carrying 206 Japanese out of Wuhan as some governments began evacuating their citizens. The United States flew about 210 Americans out of Wuhan, to be screened several times on arrival in California. France said a first flight of French nationals would leave on Wednesday night and Britain said it would put 200 citizens on a charter plane on Thursday. Canada was also organising evacuations. The virus is weighing heavily on the world's second-biggest economy, with companies cutting corporate travel to China and tourists cancelling trips. Various airlines are cutting flights, from British Airways <ICAG.L> and Lufthansa <LHAG.DE> to Tanzania's national carrier that postponed maiden flights. A government economist said the crisis could cut China's first quarter growth by one point to 5% or lower as the crisis hits sectors from mining to luxury goods. Hong Kong stocks took a beating on the first day of trading after the Lunar New Year break. Casino and financial stocks led the Hang Seng index <.HSI> 2.5% lower to a seven-month trough . ""In our view, the worst is yet to come,"" securities firm Nomura said, warning of a severe, near-term blow to China's economy.  'LESS DEADLY THAN SARS' But in a potentially major step towards finding a vaccine, scientists in Australia said they had developed a lab-grown version of the virus, the first recreated outside China. The researchers at the Peter Doherty Institute for Infection and Immunity said they would share the sample, grown from an infected patient, with the WHO and global laboratories in the hope of hastening immunisation and detection. The number of cases of the new virus in China now exceeds the 5,327 that were infected with the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which also originated in China and killed about 800 people globally in 2002 and 2003. While some experts believe the new strain, known as ""2019-nCoV"", is not as deadly as SARS, alarm has grown over its rapid spread and many unknown attributes. ""There have been more cases in China, but so far with a lower death rate than the SARS outbreak,"" said Michael Head, a health researcher at Britain's University of Southampton. Like other respiratory infections, the new virus is spread by droplets from coughs and sneezes, with an incubation time between one and 14 days. REUTERS"|China, virus, outbreak, spread, SARS, citizens, Wednesday, deaths, Health, countries, Thursday, cases, major, flights, people, cutting, Wuhan, lower, grown, governments|citizens,virus,flights,grown,major|commission,lufthansa,wuhan,takeo,ghebreyesus,adhanom,jinping,wall,airways,l,severe,health,university,donald,peter,icag,michael,vietnam,australia,sars,france,infection,world,germany,united,americans,sichuan,emergency,de,hubei,geneva,seng,and,southampton,japan,reuters,great,japanese,lhag,year,programme,who,u,s,amanda,tokyo,kong,for,respiratory,british,institute,california,lunar,immunity,acute,britain,starbucks,ryan,of,lee,tanzania,new,hang,aoyama,hong,nomura,doherty,emergencies,committee,organization,chinese,brazilian,mike,china,states,xi,asia,french,canada,national,trump,syndrome,tedros,head|1580252762
5e40cec1c0fe4e1400def4dc|In the fight against the Coronavirus, health experts in the UK want to track down some 2000-year-old Chinese passengers. We are looking for travellers from the Central China Million City of Wuhan who have flown to the United Kingdom in the last two weeks. Doctors believe it is likely that infected people are already in the UK. France has already reported cases. In order to stop further proliferation in the Chinese metropolis of Wuhan, the traffic in cars is now to be stopped there as well. (dpa)|UK, Chinese, Wuhan, fight, Coronavirus, health, experts, track, 2000, year, passengers, travellers, Central, China, Million, City, flown, United, Kingdom, weeks|health,City,weeks,fight,track|france,central,wuhan,united,coronavirus,chinese,china,city,uk,of,million,kingdom|1579906800
5e3e9ac976c6e08a821bd11d|"According to Agence France Presse, the wording was wrong, and who admitted that it had misjudged the risk of pneumonia in Wuhan. The World Health Organization (who), which has been criticized from time to time for its past handling of epidemics, today admitted that it had made mistakes in its risk assessment of the pneumonia epidemic in Wuhan, China. The who, based in Geneva, Switzerland, said in a status report last night that the risks in China were ""very high, at the regional level and at the global level"". The notes to the report indicate that who's statement that global risk is ""average"" in its report of 23, 24 and 25 January is an ""incorrect"" statement. Who said the mistake in the 23-25 report was ""misphrasing."". According to AFP, AFP reporters asked Antoine flahault, CO director of the Swiss School of public health, about who's correction. ""It's a mistake, it's definitely a big mistake I really think it's a big mistake and it has been corrected now. "" However, the WHO correction of the global risk assessment does not mean the declaration of a ""public health emergency of international concern"" (pheic), AFP said. On the 23 day, who decided not to declare an international public health emergency for the 2019 new coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Who will make this rare announcement only when the epidemic is extremely serious, which can make the world pay more attention to the epidemic and take joint preventive actions. At the end of last year, the outbreak of pneumonia caused by 2019 new coronaviruses in Wuhan, Hubei, China, has been infected by more than 2700 people worldwide. Almost all cases are in Wuhan, a few scattered in more than 10 other countries, and 82 cases have died in China. Who Secretary General tedros adhanom ghebreyesus will visit China this week to discuss ways to stop the spread of the epidemic, the report said."|China, report, risk, Wuhan, epidemic, mistake, pneumonia, global, 23, AFP, public, health, 2019, admitted, time, assessment, level, statement, 25, correction|health,mistake,risk,pneumonia,admitted|france,world,presse,agence,wuhan,swiss,ghebreyesus,organization,geneva,hubei,adhanom,china,switzerland,health,flahault,afp,antoine,tedros|1580199660
5e3faaed7789d687c1b75927|"Nursultan, 28 January. /tass/ The International Tennis Federation (ITF) submitted an application to the Kazakhstan Tennis Federation for the preliminary competition of the cup from Dongguan, China to Nursultan Federation. This is a report by the information service of Kazakhstan organization on Monday. Some media cited FIFA's decision to transfer FIFA cup from Dongguan, China, to Nursultan, Kazakhstan. Traffic restrictions in China. The Kazakhstan Tennis Federation reported that FIFA had formally requested that the planned Asian / Oceania group Confederations Cup qualifier be held in Nursultan. Received on 27 January, the message said. According to the Kazakhstan Tennis Federation, On the same day, she asked the government of the Republic to consider the request and confirmed the technical preparations for the Olympic Games to be held from 4 to 8 February 2020. Teams from India, South Korea, Taiwan, Indonesia and Uzbekistan. "" As a result, the Federation said in its statement that it is currently considering moving the Confederations Cup qualifier to the city of Nursultan. "" About On December 31, 2019, China informed the World Health Organization (who) of an unknown type of pneumonia in Wuhan, a large commercial and industrial center with a population of more than 11 million. On January 7, Colorado virus 2019-ncov was found in Australia, Canada, Cambodia, Germany, Malaysia, Nepal, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, the United States and Vietnam, France, Japan, Sri Lanka and Thailand. Who recognizes that China's national emergency has broken out, but so far no international emergency has been declared."|Federation, Nursultan, Kazakhstan, China, Tennis, January, FIFA, cup, Dongguan, Confederations, Cup, qualifier, held, Republic, Korea, 2019, emergency, 28, tass, International|qualifier,International,Dongguan,Federation,Republic|fifa,taiwan,wuhan,thailand,itf,nepal,malaysia,olympic,health,dongguan,vietnam,australia,france,republic,world,india,germany,tennis,singapore,united,oceania,japan,cup,indonesia,sri,international,s,confederations,games,colorado,cambodia,of,south,kazakhstan,korea,asian,federation,uzbekistan,organization,canada,china,states,nursultan,lanka|1580202000
5e3fa5087789d687c1b756cf|"Beijing, February 7. /tass/ The Chinese government has mobilized 67.4 billion yuan (at present value) of 95.6 billion yuan to prevent pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus. On Friday, Yu Wenping, Vice Minister of finance of China, announced the matter. Of the corresponding amount, 24.88 billion yuan has been spent) 4.88 billion yuan. He made it clear at the press conference. According to government officials, about 25 per cent of these allocations come from the central budget. He added that the funds provided were used to fund the fight against coronavirus. And in order to conduct research and replenish the most important commodity and food reserves. "" Funding has been provided in all regions. As far as the central government is concerned, it continues to provide all necessary means to control the spread of the virus, ""Yu concluded."|billion, yuan, government, virus, Yu, central, provided, Beijing, February, tass, Chinese, mobilized, 67.4, present, 95.6, prevent, pneumonia, caused, 2019, ncov|virus,central,Chinese,95.6,pneumonia|wenping,finance,yu,chinese,china,of,beijing|1581064073
5e40cdce4aed7a2c27490fa3|"Beijing (dpa) Around 20 people have returned from the Chinese city of Wuhan, which is severely affected by the Coronavirus. They landed at Berlin-Tegel Airport on Sunday afternoon. Foreign Minister Heiko Maas (SPD) commented on the departure of the Germans and their family members with ease upon their arrival. The number of deaths caused by the new virus is now higher than in the Sars pandemic 17 years ago. At the same time, the number of new infections in China within a day with 2656 is not as low as it has been for a week. The 20-year-old Chinese returned on Sunday afternoon in a building of the German Red Cross Clinics (DRC) in Berlin-Copenhagen. I want them quarantined there for a fortnight. This return also means that safety is paramount,""said Maas. The clinic, the DRC and the Berlin Health Administration also stressed that there was no need to worry about clinic staff, patients and the population. The DRC assumes that the arrivals are all healthy. In Berlin-Tegel, according to the health administration, people should be received by an official physician. He should check that passengers have experienced symptoms during the flight. All passengers would be tested for the corona virus, they said. A result was expected for Monday afternoon. The returnees live in an administration building, strictly separated from regular patient care, as the DRC reported. The carers were also not part of the staff of the clinics."" This strict spatial and personal separation contributes significantly to the safety of personnel, visitors and patients in Copenhagen,""a DRC spokesperson said. Twelve rooms are furnished for the returnees, said DRC International Cooperation Director Christof Johnen Yeah. Individuals, couples and two families were expected."" For people, it is a stressful situation, so they should be made as comfortable as possible.""People are provided with television and Wi-Fi, among other things, for children there are toys. The food comes from a caterer. Returners are free to leave their rooms. There is a fenced area in the courtyard. Meanwhile, there is also concern in Copenhagen about the housing of people from China and the scarce information from the perspective of residents."" Whether it's in Copenhagen or elsewhere, it doesn't belong in a big city,""said a cook with a protest poster outside the clinic. A British charter machine had initially taken the returnees from Wuhan to a military airport near Oxford. It was an act of European solidarity that makes courage for the future and close cooperation with Britain even after Brexit,""said Maas. After the stopover there a German army machine continued to the German capital in the morning. There were also 17-people from other European countries and their relatives on the plane, the Foreign Office said. You should continue on special flights directly to Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Austria and Romania. About a week ago, around 100-German citizens and family members arrived in Frankfurt am Main using a German army machine. Passengers were quarantined, most of them in a barracks in the Palatinate Germersheim. With 89 new deaths due to lung disease, confirmed by China's health authority on Sunday, the total number of victims worldwide climbed to 813. According to WHO 8096, people with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) had fallen ill and died of 774 worldwide. There had been 648 deaths in mainland China and Hong Kong alone Yeah. The number of confirmed infections due to the virus increased on Sunday in China by another 2656 to 37.198 cases. Outside China, more than 300 infections have been confirmed, of which 14 in Germany. On Sunday the first case was announced in Mallorca. Except for one casualty in the Philippines and one in the Chinese Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong, all deaths occurred on the mainland of China, most in the particularly badly affected province of Hubei, where the virus had originally broken out in the city of Wuhan. So far, 780 people have been killed in the province. The number of people tested positive for the Coronavirus on board a quarantined cruise ship in Japanese Yokohama increased by six to 70. A spokesman for the shipping company ""Princess Cruises"" could not at first say whether there are Germans among the newly proven infections. All in all, ten Germans were aboard the Diamond Princess with around 3700 passengers and crew members. Chinese Health Authority WHO to SARS"|people, China, DRC, Sunday, number, German, Chinese, Berlin, deaths, virus, infections, Copenhagen, city, Wuhan, afternoon, Maas, Germans, members, quarantined, clinic|Berlin,virus,members,Maas,quarantined|germersheim,airport,philippines,wuhan,clinics,tegel,yokohama,office,romania,health,frankfurt,princess,sars,beijing,mallorca,cooperation,germany,berlin,coronavirus,johnen,brexit,christof,luxembourg,hubei,diamond,administration,yeah,maas,japanese,germans,cross,international,s,said,austria,kong,british,cruises,britain,heiko,of,palatinate,european,hong,a,german,chinese,foreign,netherlands,special,china,authority,region,copenhagen,oxford,red,drc,main,administrative,100|1581270060
5e40ce67c0fe4e1400def3c5|"Since Tuesday, the Bremen Medical Laboratory has also been offering the so-called RT PCR test, which can be used to detect a disease with the Chinese-derived coronary viruses. Future cases of suspicion can thus be investigated much more quickly. On the other hand, in the two suspected cases reported so far in Bremen and Bremerhaven, doctors had to wait a long time for the results of the examination of samples sent to the laboratory in the Berlin Charite. Only in the case of Bremerhaven, a negative finding was found on Tuesday evening. The post office is delaying the investigation. ""I do not understand the lack of direct messengers in Bremen,"" commented Hans-Michael Muhlenfeld, president of the Bremen Association of Physicians. The one on 16th. In January, officially presented by the German Center for Infection Research (DZIF) at the Charite, the only way to safely diagnose the disease is by now. The Charite is the so-called Consulate Laboratory for Coronaviruses, and thus always the first place in Germany when it comes to developing or adapting test procedures for this group of viruses. In addition to the laboratory in Bremen, the National Health Agency in Lower Saxony in Hanover and some university clinics have been able to carry out the test since Tuesday. Symptoms of respiratory disease alone are not sufficient for a diagnosis. They correspond largely to a normal cold with cough and fever. The disease is not considered to be life-threatening for healthy people without a pre-existing disease. A suspicion of Coronavirus is only close when the person concerned stopped in China until 14 days before the symptoms occurred. This is particularly true if she was travelling in the province of Hubei, which was designated as a risk area, for which the Foreign Office has issued a travel alert. Yeah. Against this background, the Bremen University advises students of its study program ""Applied Economics and International Corporate Governance China"" to cancel the current year abroad in China. In medical practice, according to Hans-Michael Muhlenfeld, the question of a Chinese stay is the crucial criterion to distinguish a possible coronary virus disease from the known flu-like infections that occur at this time of the year anyway. This is also in line with the recommendations of the Robert Koch Institute, which are still valid. However, since one of four confirmed cases in Bavaria on Tuesday revealed that the patient was not in China but had contracted an infection from a person who had entered from China, the experts are currently discussing new recommendations. ""We expect a decision on this in the coming days,"" says Martin Goetz, Head of Unit for Infection Protection at the Health Authority. At the same time, he regrets that the investigation of the suspected cases is taking so long and talks about ""processes not yet recorded"" in dealing with the new disease with a view to an apparently neglected express shipment of the samples to Berlin. The Eastern Clinic is intended as a future central reception station for all suspected cases in Bremen. Household doctors also know what to do in the future, according to Millfield. People who have complained of symptoms such as fever and cough and have been to China before, the general practitioner recommends that they report to the doctor's practice by phone first. With the new on-site laboratory capacities you can gain certainty within 24 hours and thus avoid needlessly long precautionary stays in isolation, says Goetz. So far, medical practices and emergency ambulances have not increased patient turnover Yeah. On request, however, the Bremen Medical Association confirms numerous requests from doctors: they wanted to know how best to prepare for suspicious cases. The Health Department also received calls from concerned citizens asking about oral protection masks. In fact, the Bremen Pharmaceutical Chamber reports a sale of such masks which, according to experts, offer little protection."|Bremen, disease, cases, China, Tuesday, test, suspected, doctors, long, time, laboratory, Charite, Health, Medical, Laboratory, called, Chinese, coronary, viruses, suspicion|Charite,Chinese,suspected,Bremen,disease|koch,governance,pcr,pharmaceutical,hans,office,department,muhlenfeld,health,university,applied,michael,derived,coronaviruses,saxony,infection,economics,lower,germany,berlin,martin,coronavirus,unit,hubei,robert,bremen,bremerhaven,agency,international,for,consulate,goetz,laboratory,institute,charite,association,of,research,hanover,medical,chamber,corporate,rt,clinic,millfield,center,bavaria,german,protection,chinese,foreign,china,authority,eastern,national,physicians|1580252400
5e3e6650ff976e92724b6fa1|GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Health Organization played down media reports on Wednesday of “breakthrough” drugs being discovered to treat people infected with the new coronavirus, which is causing an epidemic in China and has spread to at least 20 other countries. A Chinese TV report said researchers at Zhejiang University had found an effective drug for the virus, while Britain’s Sky News said researchers had made a “significant breakthrough” in developing a vaccine. Oil prices jumped on the reports. [O/R] Asked about the reports, WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic said: “There are no known effective therapeutics against this 2019-nCoV (virus) and the WHO recommends enrolment into a randomized controlled trial to test efficacy and safety.” The process of developing and testing drugs or vaccines against a new pathogen normally takes many years and is often fraught with pitfalls and failures. Even at the accelerated pace enabled by new technologies, the earliest that scientists hope to be able to start initial human trials of a new coronavirus vaccine is by June this year. Doctors looking for ways to treat patients infected with the new coronavirus are likely to try antiviral medicines licensed for use against other viral infections to see if they might help, as well as potential antiviral drugs still in development. The U.S. drugmaker Gilead says it has started clinical trials of patients in China infected with the new coronavirus, using an experimental drug called remdesivir, but stressed that this work is investigational at this stage. “It is not approved anywhere globally,” a Gilead spokesman told Reuters in Beijing. Gilead said it had increased manufacturing of remdesivir to create a stockpile that might be used in future viral disease outbreaks. “We are doing this before knowing whether the drug is safe and effective to treat 2019-nCoV,” the spokesman said.|coronavirus, reports, drugs, treat, infected, effective, drug, spokesman, Gilead, Reuters, breakthrough, China, researchers, virus, developing, vaccine, 2019, nCoV, trials, patients|virus,infected,vaccine,patients,effective|world,zhejiang,sky,beijing,gilead,organization,geneva,chinese,britain,china,news,university,health,jasarevic,reuters,u,s,tarik|1580906580
5e4a90091754d5a2d1c6d7f9|"""Cupid's avocado"" for dinner, heart-shaped messages for the crew, but also painful separation: for those trapped on board the quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship, Friday is no ordinary Valentine's Day. Wearing a red dress and a red hair tie, the ship's entertainment manager Natalie posted a Valentine's Day video on Twitter to try to keep spirits up. ""I just wanted to check in with everybody and say that we are all hanging in there, doing fine and keeping together as a big family,"" she said, admitting with a smile: ""This hasn't been my regular attire for the last week or so."" Passenger Matt Smith, 57, was marking Valentine's Day on board with his wife of 21 years, Katherine Codekas, also 57 - and admitted this was not their first-choice location for the special day. ""After 21 years of marriage, we don't make a big deal of it, but I usually get Katherine a card at least,"" he told AFP from the ship. ""I think she was a little disappointed with our setting,"" he added. ""Facebook reminded me this morning that three years ago we were in Las Vegas. Way to rub it in!"" Passengers on board were being offered a ""Valentine's Day"" breakfast, Smith said. ""We were reminded what day it was by the delivery of what the crew member said was a 'special' breakfast,"" he said. ""Not sure why hard-boiled eggs, sausage, and sauteed mushrooms are special."" The dinner menu, on the other hand, promises several special treats in honour of the day. ""Cupid's Avocado and Shrimp salad"" to start, followed by ""Shrimp Valentine Japanese style with rice and vegetables."" The main course is the French classic Coq au Vin with mashed potato and vegetables, and a ""Valentine's Day surprise dessert of the day"" is promised. ""Coq au Vin, yes please,"" tweeted Yardley Wong, who has been posting her efforts to keep her young son entertained on the quarantined vessel. ""A special meal for Valentine's Day, a reserved bottle of red,"" she added, with her usual hashtag #hanginthereDiamondPrincess and a picture of a bottle of wine. She also posted a drawing by her six-year-old son for Valentine's Day, with the caption ""Stay strong, we are with you Diamond Princess."" 'Love never fades' American passenger Jackie joked that she had big plans for Valentine's Day on the cruise, which has proved far from the gala holiday everyone planned. ""We're going to have a formal night on Valentine's Day in our cabin. Take some pics, have some laughs,"" she tweeted. Another passenger cut out paper hearts and left them on her door for the crew to read, with messages including: ""Thank you for all your hard work"" and ""Thank you for taking care of us."" More than 200 people on board the ship have been diagnosed with the newly named COVID-19 and taken to local hospitals. Those remaining on board will be in quarantine until at least February 19. While passengers are battling isolation, fear and boredom, some members of the crew have voiced concerns about their conditions, including eating together and sleeping two to a cabin. But the coronavirus has also ripped some couples apart for Valentine's Day, including at least one on their honeymoon. Kent Frasure was forced to say goodbye to his partner Rebecca, who has contracted the virus and is now in isolation in hospital. ""We said 'goodbye, see each other later' and gave each other a hug. We didn't have a goodbye kiss because we didn't really know what was going on,"" Kent told CNBC. ""Then I watched her walk down the hallway, turn the corner and then she was gone."" On Friday evening, passengers tweeted photos of additional Valentine's Day treats: chocolates, face masks, even single red roses. ""This Valentine's Day, we have many well wishes, messages of love and support coming to all of us on board from around the world,"" the captain said in a public broadcast. ""It's a heartwarming show of support."" ""Now, I'd like to share this short poem with you: love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fades. I wish you all a happy Valentine's Day."""|Valentine, Day, board, special, crew, ship, red, day, things, messages, big, years, tweeted, including, goodbye, Cupid, dinner, quarantined, Diamond, Princess|board,day,crew,Cupid,special|matt,au,coq,princess,afp,codekas,vin,avocado,19,las,love,cnbc,diamond,wong,katherine,covid,frasure,japanese,s,kent,american,shrimp,jackie,valentine,day,yardley,rebecca,vegas,cupid,french,natalie,smith|1581706860
5e424b659cf40ff4ede484a6|SINGAPORE: With more than 800 cases and 26 deaths reported in and around China as of Friday (Jan 24), Asia continues to ramp up its defence against the new coronavirus 2019-nCoV, which originated in China's central city of Wuhan. In addition to China, confirmed cases of Wuhan virus have been found in Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, South Korea, Macau, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. IN CHINA Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the virus outbreak, is racing against time to build a new 1,000-bed hospital to treat victims, mobilising machinery to get it ready by early next week. The new hospital is being built around a holiday complex originally intended for local workers, set in gardens by a lake on the outskirts of the city. Building machinery, including 35 diggers and 10 bulldozers, arrived at the site on Thursday night.    IN SINGAPORE Singapore, which as of Friday has reported three confirmed cases of Wuhan virus, has rolled out temperature screening not just at Changi Airport but also its land and sea checkpoints.    IN JAPAN Health screening stations have been set up at airports in Japan including Tokyo's Narita, with advanced thermo scanners set up. Japan confirmed its second case of the new coronavirus on Friday.      IN SOUTH KOREA South Korea also announced its second case of the SARS-like virus on Friday and has begun disinfection of public transport, including in its highly populated capital Seoul.   IN INDONESIA As of Friday, Indonesia has not reported any cases of the Wuhan virus. Health officials and thermal scanners are, however, in position at several airports.    Follow us on Telegram for the latest updates: https://cna.asia/telegram|Friday, Wuhan, virus, cases, reported, China, city, confirmed, Japan, set, including, SINGAPORE, coronavirus, Singapore, South, Korea, hospital, machinery, screening, Health|virus,Japan,confirmed,reported,Friday|taiwan,thailand,wuhan,airport,narita,vietnam,changi,singapore,and,japan,indonesia,tokyo,s,kong,south,korea,macau,hong,friday,chinese,china,asia,seoul|1579876920
5e3e9ad976c6e08a821bd13b|"After returning to France, the Wuhan woman posted a picture of eating and drinking in a restaurant in Lyon on the social network. She posted: ""we'll have a good meal at last..."" She narrated how she successfully passed the customs and entered France: ""before departure, she had a low fever accompanied by a cough. She was scared to death, so she took the medicine and kept taking the temperature. Fortunately, the temperature dropped and the exit and entry were also very smooth."". Later, the overseas doctoral circle issued an article criticizing that ""a woman in Wuhan is in the circle of friends, excitedly exposing her excitement and"" tricks ""of successfully flying to France"", referring to her ""fluke in mind"", ""regardless of other people's and their own safety"", criticizing ""this"" victory master "", which is frightening. If anything, it's really unthinkable. A spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in France said in a statement on Tuesday: ""recently, our embassy received a number of calls or emails from Chinese citizens, saying that a Wuhan woman released information in a circle of friends, saying that she had fever and cough, forced to take antipyretic drugs to mix with airport tests and enter France. After learning the above information, our library attaches great importance to it. This evening, our library contacted Yan XX and asked him to call 15 French emergency rescue number as soon as possible and inform the relevant emergency department to handle it. "" French airports have been instructed to prevent the spread of the epidemic, French health minister Agnes Buzan said Tuesday. But she also said she was not prepared to take restrictive measures against passengers at this stage. There are direct flights between Wuhan and Paris."|France, Wuhan, woman, circle, French, posted, successfully, fever, cough, temperature, criticizing, friends, Chinese, Tuesday, number, information, library, emergency, returning, picture|woman,picture,criticizing,posted,cough|france,xx,wuhan,lyon,yan,chinese,french,agnes,paris,buzan|1579745820
5e3e9a7576c6e08a821bd06b|"The Hubei provincial government of China held a press conference on prevention and control of the epidemic on Sunday, January 26. Wang Xiaodong, governor of Hubei Province, Bi bixiong, Secretary General of the provincial Party committee and Zhou Xianwang, mayor of Wuhan attended the conference and sat on the rostrum. Wang Xiaodong, the governor of Hubei Province, violated the mandatory regulations of wearing masks in public places. He did not wear masks, but the Secretary-General of the provincial Party committee must not wear them wrong, and his nose was exposed. Zhou Xianwang, the mayor of Wuhan, wore them wrong, causing Chinese netizens to condemn him. Netizens have accused even Chinese government officials of not knowing how to set an example by wearing masks correctly and how to make ordinary people comply with emergency regulations? Chinese netizens criticized Chinese officials for being irresponsible. Prior to the emergence of a new coronavirus epidemic situation, Wuhan mayor continued to celebrate the Chinese Spring Festival organized 40 thousand family dinner, has been criticized by the public opinion. At this press conference, Wang Xiaodong, governor of Hubei Province, introduced the medical masks. At first, he said that the production of medical masks in Hubei Province has ""certain advantages"". The annual production of medical masks in Xiantao City, Hubei Province is 10.8 billion. After a while, he handed in a small note, and then he changed his mouth, saying that it was a slip of speech, 1.8 billion. When he put down the note and read the manuscript, he changed his mouth again, saying that it was 1.08 million Only, ten thousand is not one hundred million. So far, netizens have been criticized for posting 682 million posts. AFP pointed out that the Chinese government controls the Internet, and it is very rare that China's Wumao did not delete the critical posts of Chinese netizens."|Chinese, Hubei, masks, Province, netizens, provincial, government, conference, Wang, Xiaodong, governor, mayor, Wuhan, criticized, medical, million, China, press, epidemic, Secretary|provincial,mayor,government,criticized,Province|wuhan,internet,city,bi,netizens,wang,afp,party,hubei,xiantao,festival,s,provincial,xianwang,zhou,chinese,china,spring,xiaodong,wumao,province|1580138040
5e3fa607c7d7d06da7396f1d|Moscow, February 3 - Russian news agency. Russia's Consulate General in Guangzhou announced Monday that the planned return of Russian organized tourists from Hainan Island, China, was completed. At the same time, according to diplomats, some Russians who come to Hainan Island for their holidays can transit through Guangzhou and leave the province, Shanghai and Beijing, and through regular flights to Moscow. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 17200 people were infected with coronavirus in China, and 361 died. Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency.|China, Moscow, Russian, Guangzhou, Hainan, Island, 2019, people, February, agency, Russia, Consulate, General, announced, Monday, planned, return, organized, tourists, completed|General,Russian,announced,agency,planned|russia,world,russians,beijing,wuhan,colorado,chinese,organization,russian,china,hainan,guangzhou,island,health,shanghai,moscow,s|1580732700
5e3e6550a6201cadba7c8120|"For the first time, the novel coronavirus has been grown from a cell culture outside China, a ""significant breakthrough"" that may help combat the deadly virus which has claimed over 130 lives and infected thousands, Australian scientists said on Wednesday. The researchers from the University of Melbourne and the Royal Melbourne Hospital said the advance will allow accurate investigation and diagnosis of the virus globally. ""Chinese officials released the genome sequence of this novel coronavirus, which is helpful for diagnosis, however, having the real virus means we now have the ability to actually validate and verify all test methods, and compare their sensitivities and specificities - it will be a game-changer for diagnosis,"" said Julian Druce from The Royal Melbourne Hospital. ""The virus will be used as positive control material for the Australian network of public health laboratories, and also shipped to expert laboratories working closely with the World Health Organization (WHO) in Europe,"" Druce said. Doherty Institute Deputy Director Mike Catton said the possession of a virus isolate extended what could be achieved with molecular technology in the fight against this virus. The deadly coronavirus has claimed 132 lives and nearly 6,000 infection cases have been reported in China. The grown virus is expected to be used to generate an antibody test, which allows detection of the virus in patients who haven't displayed symptoms and were therefore unaware they had the virus, the researchers said. ""An antibody test will enable us to retrospectively test suspected patients so we can gather a more accurate picture of how widespread the virus is, and consequently, among other things, the true mortality rate,"" Catton said. ""It will also assist in the assessment of effectiveness of trial vaccines,"" he said . The virus was grown from a patient sample that arrived at the Royal Melbourne Hospital''s Victorian Infectious Diseases Reference Laboratory (VIDRL) at the Doherty Institute on January 24. ""We've planned for an incident like this for many, many years and that''s really why we were able to get an answer so quickly,"" Catton said."|virus, Melbourne, test, coronavirus, grown, Royal, Hospital, diagnosis, Catton, China, deadly, claimed, lives, Australian, researchers, accurate, Druce, laboratories, Doherty, Institute|Melbourne,virus,claimed,grown,accurate|university,health,reference,australian,catton,world,druce,vidrl,in,who,s,laboratory,institute,hospital,the,of,infectious,victorian,doherty,diseases,julian,melbourne,organization,mike,china,royal,europe|1580254740
5e3fa6b1c7d7d06da7396f2e|"Moscow, 3 February / Sputnik radio. OLG nilov, the first vice member of the State Duma monitoring and Management Commission, called for the promotion of new coronal oil in China and other countries Deputy Prime Minister Tatiana Golikova. In his speech, the congressman suggested that all Russians who went to see a doctor because of a cold should be given free medical masks. ""I think doctors should prescribe free of charge and accept medical masks in addition to drugs when diagnosing people with any simple disease."" To do this, there is no need for a law, there must be a government resolution, ""Oleg nilov said in an interview with parliamentary newspapers. Parliamentarians believe that the free distribution of medical masks will help to minimize the number of patients and the subsequent economic and material losses of employers. Staff. Parliamentarians are also convinced of the need to increase funding for Russian science, including the scientific component of developing new vaccines. At the end of December, Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization of the outbreak of unidentified pneumonia in Wuhan. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 1720 people were infected and more than 360 died in China About Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. Previously, Sputnik reported that hospitals built in ten days in Wuhan had begun to treat patients. Join our TV channel."|China, free, medical, masks, people, Sputnik, nilov, Parliamentarians, patients, Wuhan, Moscow, February, radio, OLG, vice, member, State, Duma, monitoring, Management|State,member,patients,OLG,Moscow|commission,tatiana,state,nilov,wuhan,russian,health,duma,world,and,monitoring,sputnik,colorado,olg,management,oleg,moscow,russians,chinese,golikova,organization,china|1580724240
5e3faabe7789d687c1b75919|"Beijing, January 28. /tass/ China's Immigration Bureau on Tuesday advised Chinese citizens to delay travel abroad to prevent the spread of pneumonia caused by the coronavirus 2019 ncov. This was mentioned in a statement issued by the General Administration of migration on Tuesday. ""People with symptoms of respiratory infection such as temperature rise, cough and dyspnea, The statement said that the travel plan must be cancelled immediately and medical help must be sought. "" The Migration Board stressed that these travellers also have an obligation to disclose the envisaged routes and modes of travel. ""The purpose of this proposal is to protect the lives and health of Chinese and foreign nationals and prevent unnecessary losses in the case of restrictions imposed by some countries and regions. Immigration explained that due to the outbreak of disease. Reducing cross-border movement of people should control the spread of the disease, the Department said."|travel, Immigration, Tuesday, Chinese, prevent, spread, statement, disease, Beijing, January, 28, tass, China, Bureau, advised, citizens, delay, abroad, pneumonia, caused|citizens,pneumonia,disease,Beijing,caused|board,tass,chinese,immigration,china,bureau,administration,department,general,of,migration,beijing,s|1580213233
5e4155a3cae8370994363d41|"The number of casualties has risen to 131 due to the new coronavirus detected in China. In the Chinese province of Hubei more 840 infected patients were confirmed. More than five.500 are the worldwide confirmed cases, more than five.400 alone in China. If (typeof showPubOn) ==""undefined"" { $(function) try { var div = document.getElementById('div-gpt-ad-mrec-128429'); setTimeout(function) new Waypoint element: div, handler: function (direction) COF.pubApi.renderInContent($(this.element)); This.destroy(); }, offset:'120%' }; }, 50; } catch (e) console.log(e.message); } }; }"|function, div, China, confirmed, element, number, casualties, risen, 131, due, coronavirus, detected, Chinese, province, Hubei, 840, infected, patients, five.500, worldwide|div,province,infected,worldwide,patients|chinese,hubei,china|1580255040
5e3e6543a6201cadba7c80b1|Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) new Chief Executive Sundar Pichai unveiled sales figures that investors have long demanded, but shares fell 5% as Google’s advertising business and the new data about YouTube and Google Cloud broadly disappointed. Pichai had sought to counter slowing revenue growth in the company’s main advertising business by pointing to the Silicon Valley firm’s younger units. But Pichai’s reveal that Google’s YouTube video streaming unit is generating ad revenue at a pace of $15 billion annually put it below rough estimates as high as $25 billion. Divulging 53% quarterly revenue growth for Google’s cloud services compared with a year ago meant it grew slower than the business it is trying to catch up to, Microsoft Corp’s (MSFT.O) Azure. It reported a 62% quarterly rise in sales last week, or 39% when considering some cloud services Microsoft sells through other units. While financial analysts applauded the new transparency from Alphabet, some questioned executives for the second time in the last four quarters to explain why overall revenue has been missing or just barely meeting their expectations. Sales growth dipped below 20% in three quarters during 2019, compared to just once in the previous three years. Alphabet has blamed currency exchange rates and its constant tweaking of features, saying that it is not focused on quarterly marks. We continue to be very focused on the benefit from better measurement, better ad delivery, better user experience, Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat responded to an analyst. But there will be variability over time because we’re very focused on what’s in the right long-term interest. Shares of the company fell about 4.5% in extended trading to $1,416. The stock was priced for perfection, and a top-line miss was enough to send it lower, said Michael Pachter, an analyst at Wedbush Securities . YouTube was impressive at $15 billion for the year, Cloudless so at $8.9 billion. Other financial analysts said YouTube’s ad revenue was underwhelming too. YouTube is smaller than generally assumed, but on the flip side, the search seems to have accelerated and is growing faster than feared, said James Cordwell, an analyst at Atlantic Equities. Google through its namesake search engine as well as properties such as YouTube has been the web’s biggest draw for advertisers for a decade, enabling it last month to become the fourth listed company to top $1 trillion in market capitalization. But new concerns have emerged among investors about whether its dominance will last as U.S. antitrust regulators investigate Google and as Amazon and Facebook Inc (FB.O) continue to grow their ads businesses globally. Both beat analysts’ expectations last week. Alphabet’s overall sales in the fourth quarter were $46.08 billion, up 17%, compared with an average estimate of $46.94 billion among financial analysts tracked by Refinitiv. Google ad sales in the holiday shopping quarter were $37.93 billion, up 16.7% from the same period last year Alphabet’s expenses have ballooned with the hiring of thousands of salespeople, building of new data centres and marketing the Google brand through hardware and other ventures. For the fourth quarter, the Alphabet’s total costs and expenses rose 18.5% from a year ago to $36.809 billion. Porat said hiring and infrastructure spending would accelerate in 2020. Hardware sales fell in the fourth quarter compared with a year ago, Porat said. Results could suffer further from any protracted work stoppages in Asia as companies combat the outbreak of a new coronavirus in China, she said. Google last week temporarily shut down all its offices in mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan due to the coronavirus. It has thousands of engineers across the region, including a hardware engineering centre in Taiwan . The new YouTube disclosures under Pichai showed ad revenue grew 31% compared with last year. Pichai also said YouTube, which has 2 billion monthly users, generated about $750 million in subscription and other non-advertising revenue, but did not reveal a figure for the year-earlier period. Pichai said YouTube had 20 million paid subscribers between YouTube’s Music and Premium ad-free viewing packages, and separately had 2 million paid subscribers for YouTube TV, which competes with Dish Network Corp’s (DISH.O) Sling TV and Walt Disney Co’s (DIS.N) Hulu to stream television online. Amazon recently said it has 55 million music subscribers, while Apple Inc (AAPL.O) last year announced 60 million such subscribers. Sling had about 2.7 million subscribers as of last year, in line with estimates for Hulu. Shares of Alphabet were up 28.1% in the last 12 months entering Monday, compared with 21.8% for Facebook shares, 23.5% for Amazon, 68.1% for Microsoft and 88.7% for Apple Inc (AAPL.O).|YouTube, Google, billion, year, Alphabet, revenue, Pichai, ad, compared, million, sales, subscribers, analysts, fourth, quarter, fell, advertising, business, growth, company|sales,Google,ad,Pichai,growth|taiwan,disney,atlantic,sling,google,porat,michael,alphabet,network,silicon,dish,cordwell,wedbush,apple,dis,o,msft,u,s,equities,valley,pachter,kong,n,hulu,walt,amazon,music,microsoft,ruth,inc,sundar,hong,azure,cloud,corp,fb,china,asia,securities,pichai,james,co,tv,youtube,facebook|1580800620
5e3fa918c7d7d06da7396f67|Tel Aviv, 3 February. It is not easy to develop a new coronavirus vaccine at this stage, because the virus has not been fully studied, According to the Russian news agency, Vladislav litachevsky was infected in the Chiba clinical center in Israel Previous reports, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called on the Institute of biology and the Ministry of health to take action as soon as possible to develop a new coronavirus vaccine. At this stage, the main method to prevent infection is early diagnosis and isolation. When can drug interventions and prevention methods, such as vaccination, be developed? He added that work was ongoing in that area, but unfortunately there was no sign of progress at this time. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. The number of people infected with coronavirus in China reached 14380, and 304 died. More than 100 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency.|coronavirus, China, develop, vaccine, stage, virus, infected, 2019, people, Tel, Aviv, February, easy, fully, studied, Russian, agency, Vladislav, litachevsky, Chiba|develop,vaccine,virus,infected,easy|benjamin,wuhan,russian,health,netanyahu,world,litachevsky,biology,institute,colorado,israel,israeli,of,tel,ministry,vladislav,aviv,chinese,organization,china,chiba|1580682240
5e3fa5f1c7d7d06da7396f1b|Yaroslavl, February 3 - Russian news agency. Recently returned Tula residents from China were negative for coronavirus, Consumer Protection Agency of the Russian Federation informed Tula on Monday. Earlier, the Department reported that on January 29, a Tula resident who was on holiday in Hainan Island of China was hospitalized with acute respiratory infection. The patient was sent to the infection department. The Russian Consumer Protection Bureau in Tula region reported that the residents of Tula city who have come back from the rest in China have a message.) The results of the study show that two-thirds of those hospitalized on January 29, 2020 with acute respiratory infections had chronic respiratory infections. It says, control messages. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 17200 people were infected with coronavirus in China, and 361 died. Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency.|China, Tula, Russian, respiratory, residents, coronavirus, Consumer, Protection, informed, reported, January, 29, hospitalized, acute, infection, infections, 2019, people, Yaroslavl, February|hospitalized,Russian,respiratory,Tula,reported|world,yaroslavl,federation,wuhan,the,protection,chinese,organization,colorado,china,russian,tula,department,consumer,of,hainan,island,bureau,health,agency|1580732940
5e3e687bff976e92724b7139|SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will begin screening passengers arriving from a Chinese city in a bid to stop the spread of a new virus, the country’s chief medical officer said on Tuesday, although authorities warned that an outbreak would be hard to prevent. Chinese authorities have confirmed more than 200 people have caught the coronavirus, which can cause a type of pneumonia that has killed four people in the central city of Wuhan. The virus - which can pass from person to person - broke out in Wuhan but four cases have been reported in Thailand, Japan and South Korea, raising concerns about its spread through international air travel. Brendan Murphy, the chief medical officer for the Australian government, said biosecurity officials would begin screening passengers arriving on the three weekly flights to Sydney from Wuhan starting on Thursday. Passengers would be given an information pamphlet and asked to present themselves if they had a fever or suspected they might have the disease. Murphy said the measures only offered limited protection. “You cannot absolutely prevent the spread of disease into the country. The incubation period is probably a week,” Murphy told reporters in Canberra. “It’s about identifying those with a high risk and making sure those who have a high risk know about it and know how to get medical attention.” China is the largest source of tourists to Australia, with more than 1 million people arriving last year. Around 160 flights arrive in Australia from China each week, and Murphy acknowledged Chinese tourists could arrive via other locations. There are only three flights from Wuhan each week, arriving in Sydney. Australia’s additional screenings come as hundreds of millions of Chinese prepare to travel domestically and abroad during the Lunar New Year holiday that starts this week. Prime Minister Scott Morrison urged Australians to remain calm . “We are well prepared to respond to this situation and we will continue to monitor and take action where necessary,” Morrison tweeted. The government would raise its travel advisory for Wuhan to urge Australians to reconsider traveling to the city, he added. Despite the elevated risk, Murphy said Australia would not begin scanning passengers for higher body temperatures, a precaution previously used during the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) outbreak. SARS killed nearly 800 people globally during the 2002/03 outbreak that also started in China, but Murphy said recent evidence indicated body-temperature screening was ineffective and created a false sense of security.|Murphy, Australia, Wuhan, arriving, Chinese, people, begin, screening, passengers, city, spread, medical, outbreak, travel, flights, risk, China, virus, country, chief|passengers,Australia,risk,flights,virus|thailand,wuhan,brendan,severe,australian,sars,australia,sydney,japan,reuters,year,s,australians,respiratory,lunar,acute,canberra,new,south,korea,chinese,china,scott,morrison,syndrome,murphy|1579590840
5e3e654ba6201cadba7c80f1|Indian markets opened flat on Saturday ahead of Union Budget 2020 presentation by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman. BSE Sensex initially jumped over 100 points during the opening session but shed gains. At the time of writing this article, Sensex was trading 52.58 points or 0.13 per cent higher 40,777.87. Nifty, on the other hand, was down 58 points or 0.48 per cent at 11,979.15. Some of the top gainers in early trade today are HUL, UltraTech Cement, Maruti Suzuki and Asian Paints. Tech Mahindra, PowerGrid, Tata Steel, NTPC, Kotal Bank and HCL Tech were some of the top losers during the opening trade session. Losses in the domestic market came on the back of weakness in the US Markets after US President Donald Trump declared a US public health emergency in light of the coronavirus outbreak in China. Daw Jones shed 603 points or 2.1 per cent at 28,256 while S&P lost 58 points. Markets are expected to remain volatile ahead of Sitharaman's budget presentation as investors expect some announcements towards boosting demand and economic growth. Markets participants are also anxiously awaiting tax concessions on equities. Nirmala Sitharman will present the Union Budget 2020-21 shortly and she is widely expected to rationalise taxes and announce higher spending measures to tackle growth slowdown.|points, cent, Markets, ahead, Union, Budget, 2020, presentation, Nirmala, Sitharaman, Sensex, opening, session, shed, higher, 58, top, trade, Tech, expected|58,Tech,higher,Sitharaman,Budget|tata,suzuki,donald,sitharman,hcl,bank,us,sensex,kotal,bse,budget,union,mahindra,s,daw,21,tech,ntpc,nirmala,jones,maruti,sitharaman,powergrid,indian,asian,hul,cement,china,trump,ultratech,2020,p,paints,markets,steel|1580536260
5e3fab387789d687c1b75945|"Beijing, January 26. /tass/ More than five million Wuhans have left the city as a result of holidays celebrating the Lunar New Year and the spread of pneumonia caused by Colorado's 2019 ncov. This was announced by Zhou Xiangrong, mayor of Wuhan City, at a press conference on Sunday. ""[Chinese new year] more than 5 million people fled Wuhan due to holidays and epidemics in Chongqing. About 9 million people remain in the city, ""said the head of the city government. According to him, the number of people infected with coronavirus may increase by 1000. At present, 2209 people are suspected to be in medical institutions, but due to the long time of diagnosis, they have not been diagnosed. There were also 643 patients with fever. As a result, it is considered that more than 270000 people live in rural areas. In this case, that is to say, 2.7 million people died of AIDS. According to our estimate, about 45% of the people currently examined will be diagnosed with cancer. For this reason, in addition to the 533 residents who have been diagnosed with coronavirus, about 1000 people can be treated. He pointed out. Wuhan has actually been isolated since January 23 About Airports, ferries, subways, public transport, railway and road stations were temporarily closed, and roads to other parts of the country were closed."|people, million, city, Wuhan, diagnosed, January, result, holidays, due, coronavirus, 1000, closed, Beijing, 26, tass, Wuhans, left, celebrating, Lunar, Year|Lunar,Beijing,Year,diagnosed,January|lunar,wuhan,colorado,aids,chongqing,city,xiangrong,wuhans,year,new,beijing,s,zhou|1580067663
5e46a74623c17a9ed09fbe96|Manchester United striker Odion Ighalo has yet to set foot in the club's training ground since joining on loan from Shanghai Shenhua after being told to stay away due to concerns over the coronavirus, British media reported on Thursday. The flu-like virus has killed over 1,300 people and infected around 60,000 in China after it first emerged in Wuhan late last year. The Times reported Ighalo has been training at the National Taekwondo Centre in Manchester since arriving on loan from the Chinese club almost two weeks ago. The mandated 14-day incubation period will come to an end this weekend and Ighalo is expected to join first-team training ahead of United's Premier League match against Chelsea on Monday. The former Watford striker missed United's mid-season training camp in Spain but has been building his match fitness with performance coach Wayne Richardson, The Times reported. United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer confirmed this week that Ighalo would be in the squad to face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.|United, Ighalo, training, reported, Manchester, striker, club, loan, match, Chelsea, Odion, set, foot, ground, joining, Shanghai, Shenhua, told, stay, due|Manchester,loan,Chelsea,ground,stay|wuhan,taekwondo,solskjaer,chelsea,stamford,spain,gunnar,manchester,united,shenhua,wayne,odion,s,ighalo,times,british,premier,the,centre,chinese,watford,china,bridge,richardson,national,league,shanghai,ole|1581542460
5e3facb57789d687c1b759d2|"Tass, January 23. In China, the people killed were between 48 and 89 years old. On Thursday, the southern China Journal of preterm birth cited an epidemic report from China's National Health Commission. According to government statistics, at least nine of the 17 people who died in Wuhan had chronic diseases: diabetes, ischemic heart disease or Parkinson's disease. Eight of them were over 80 years old and two were over 70 years old. According to the publication, the youngest victim was a 48 year old woman with chronic diabetes who had previously suffered a stroke. ""According to the epidemiological data we have, young people are actually less likely to suffer from diseases,"" said morning post, an expert in southern China. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31 about the outbreak of unknown pneumonia in Wuhan. Human beings. On January 7, Chinese experts discovered Colorado virus 2019 ncov. So far, Chinese authorities have confirmed more than 600 cases, resulting in 17 deaths."|China, people, years, Chinese, January, 48, southern, Health, 17, Wuhan, chronic, diseases, diabetes, disease, authorities, Tass, 23, killed, 89, Thursday|Tass,authorities,disease,diseases,17|commission,world,wuhan,tass,colorado,chinese,organization,journal,china,health,national,parkinson,s|1579806648
5e40ce9ec0fe4e1400def479|The rat may not necessarily be the favourite animal of many people in Germany. So what, against this background, can bring the year of the metal rat, following the traditional lunar calendar in the night to the 25th. January started? The Botanika Bremen, which celebrates the Chinese New Year's Day this Sunday, dissolves it: among other things, the animal is associated with wealth, says Botanika. The rodent is also told to stand for ingenuity and intelligence. So the rat promises some good against all fears. The New Year's Eve is considered the most important traditional Chinese celebration, celebrated by Chinese people all over the world. This year, however, the celebrations in China itself were somewhat smaller than usual, and the new Coronavirus, which has already killed people, is clouding the mood. Lovers of Far Eastern astrology, plants and culture in Bremen can celebrate the New Year's Day in Botany this Sunday. As in previous years, the organisers have set up a large programme. After a lecture on Chinese astrology (11-hour), an hour later it becomes loud: a Japanese drum group led by Masakazu Nishimine will make music. They repeat their performance shortly after 14am. For those who prefer quiet, the organizers for 14.30 clock announce a traditional tea ceremony as well as an introduction to the meditation and concentration art Qigong at 15.45. It's customary for Chinese New Year's Eve to light candles. This is why the landscapes in botany are immersed in light, visitors can also write down their wishes for the new year and hang on one of the trees. In the greenhouses there are plants to admire especially from Asia. In an exhibition visitors learn about nature Yeah. Animals such as Kois and butterflies should also be considered. The Botanika, Deliway 40, is open from 10 to 18 o'clock, the program starts at 11 o'clock. Entrance: adult 10.50 Euro, discounts 9.50 Euro, children from four years five euros, children up to three years free.|Chinese, Year, rat, people, year, traditional, Botanika, years, clock, animal, Bremen, Day, Sunday, Eve, considered, astrology, plants, 11, hour, light|clock,plants,Eve,Bremen,traditional|far,deliway,sunday,eve,germany,coronavirus,botanika,bremen,year,japanese,s,40,botany,nishimine,kois,day,new,qigong,masakazu,chinese,china,asia,eastern,euro|1579906800
5e3e6678ff976e92724b6fe5|(Reuters) - A new coronavirus that has killed more than 130 people in China is spreading to other countries, alarming health experts. Here is some of what we know - and don’t know - about the virus: The virus is believed to have originated late last year in a food market in the Chinese city of Wuhan that was illegally selling wildlife. Health experts think it may have originated in bats and then passed to humans, possibly via another animal species. The World Health Organization (WHO) was alerted to several cases of pneumonia in Wuhan at the end of December. Chinese authorities confirmed they had identified a new virus a week later. The new virus, identified by scientists as 2019-nCoV, is a coronavirus, a family of viruses that include the common cold and more serious diseases such as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). Coronavirus infections have a wide range of symptoms, including fever, cough, shortness of breath, and breathing difficulties. It is unclear how deadly the new virus is. Although severe cases can cause pneumonia and death, there may be many cases of milder disease going undetected. Many of those who have died had pre-existing medical conditions or were elderly, those with weakened immune systems. The new coronavirus can be transmitted from person to person, although it is not clear how easily that happens. Most cases so far are in people who have been in Wuhan, family members of those infected, or medical workers. Transmission is most likely through close contact with an infected person via particles in the air from coughing or sneezing, or by someone touching an infected person or object with the virus on it and then touching their mouth, nose or eyes. In order to reduce the likelihood of transmission, the WHO recommends that people frequently wash their hands, cover their mouth and nose when sneezing or coughing, and avoid close contact with those who are sick. The U.S . Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says those who develop symptoms such as coughing and fever who have been in China in the last 14 days should call ahead to a healthcare professional to establish if they need to be tested. All but around 70 of the more than 6,000 cases so far identified have been in China, mostly in and around Wuhan. The other countries with confirmed cases include Australia, Cambodia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Thailand, South Korea, the UAE, the United States, and Vietnam. The WHO is looking very closely at cases of person-to-person transmission outside of Wuhan, which would suggest that it may have the potential to spread further. The Chinese government has put Wuhan into virtual quarantine to try and stop the spread of the virus. A number of foreign governments have advised against non-essential travel to China and have begun flying their citizens out of Wuhan. The new virus is a strain of coronavirus, like SARS, which killed nearly 800 people globally in 2002 and 2003. Unlike SARS, which also originated in China, it is believed the new virus can spread during the incubation period of one to 14 days, possibly before an infected person is showing symptoms. So far, the new virus does not appear to be as deadly as SARS, but there have been more cases overall.|virus, cases, Wuhan, person, China, coronavirus, people, SARS, infected, originated, Chinese, identified, symptoms, coughing, spread, killed, countries, experts, believed, Health|virus,infected,identified,experts,believed|thailand,wuhan,disease,nepal,malaysia,health,vietnam,australia,sars,france,world,germany,singapore,united,and,prevention,japan,sri,who,u,s,for,uae,cambodia,south,korea,chinese,organization,centers,canada,china,states,control,lanka|1580292360
5e3fa5047789d687c1b756cd|Tass, February 9. The death toll from pneumonia caused by the new coronavirus in Hubei Province increased by 81 to 780. Reuters reported the incident Sunday, citing the local health and Health Commission. According to these data, the number of people infected in the province reached 27100, an increase of more than 2000 in 24 hours. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, the total number of people infected in China has exceeded 36500, among which 24 countries including Russia have confirmed cases. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency known as a multiple epidemic.|pneumonia, Health, number, people, infected, 24, 2019, outbreak, China, Tass, February, death, toll, caused, coronavirus, Hubei, Province, increased, 81, 780|death,infected,Tass,pneumonia,caused|commission,russia,world,wuhan,tass,hubei,chinese,organization,china,health,reuters,province|1581219019
5e4a8fb1f6963609bf9887be|SHANGHAI/SIHANOUKVILLE, Cambodia (Reuters) - More than 300 American passengers have been flown home from a cruise ship after two weeks under quarantine off Japan, including 14 found to have coronavirus who were kept isolated on the flight. The cruise ship Diamond Princess, by far the largest cluster of coronavirus cases outside China, has become the biggest test so far of other countries’ ability to contain an outbreak that has killed 1,770 people in China and five elsewhere. Across mainland China, officials said the total number of coronavirus cases rose by 2,048 to 70,548. That was slightly more new cases than were reported on Sunday, but hundreds fewer than reported on Saturday. Chinese authorities say the stabilization in the number of new cases is a sign that measures they have taken to halt the spread of the disease are having an effect. However, epidemiologists say it is probably still too early to say how well the outbreak is being contained within China and its central Hubei province, where the virus first appeared. China has responded to the COVID-19 virus by effectively locking down Hubei’s provincial capital Wuhan, a megacity of 11 million people. The Communist Party is also struggling to prevent the economy from crashing, as the movement of people and goods around the country and to and from China faces major disruption. On Monday China’s central bank cut the interest rate on its medium-term lending, a move that is expected to pave the way for a reduction in the benchmark loan prime rate on Thursday. Beijing has also announced plans for cuts in taxes and fees. Even so, economists expect China’s economic growth to slow. Ratings agency Moody’s on Monday lowered its 2020 GDP growth forecast to 5.2%, making it likely China would miss a goal to double GDP over the decade to 2020. Outside China, around half of all known cases of the virus have been found aboard the Diamond Princess, where around 400 people have tested positive since the cruise liner was ordered to stay under quarantine off Japan on Feb. 3. The United States was the first country to evacuate its passengers from the ship, flying them out overnight on two chartered aircraft to military bases in Texas and California, where they would be held in quarantine for two weeks. The state department said that after passengers were sent to the airport, officials discovered 14 had tested positive. They were isolated on the flight and permitted to fly home, it said. Other countries were expected to follow swiftly, having announced plans to repatriate citizens from the ship. Around half of the 3,700 passengers and crew are Japanese. Authorities around the world were also trying to track down passengers from another cruise liner, the Westerdam, which was turned away from ports across Southeast Asia for two weeks before docking in Cambodia on Thursday. One American passenger who disembarked in Cambodia tested positive for the virus in Malaysia on Saturday. Carnival Corp., which operates both cruise liners, said it was cooperating with authorities in trying to trace passengers from the Westerdam. None of the other 1,454 passengers and 802 crew had reported any symptoms, it said. “Guests who have already returned home will be contacted by their local health department and be provided further information,” a statement from the company’s Holland America Line unit said. Hundreds of passengers are still in Cambodia, either on the ship or in hotels. “We will all be tested for the coronavirus today and tomorrow by the Cambodian Ministry of Health,” said passenger Holley Rauen, a public health nurse and midwife from Fort Myers, Florida. “We have no idea when we get to get home.” After an extended Lunar New Year holiday, China urgently needs to get back to work. There is a proposal to delay the opening of the annual session of parliament, due on Feb. 24. Some cities remain in lockdown, streets are deserted, employees are nervous, and travel bans and quarantine orders are in place around the country. Many factories have yet to re-open, disrupting supply chains in China and beyond. In Japan, where data showed on Monday that the economy had already shrunk last quarter at the fastest pace in almost six years, the impact of the virus is expected to show up in the current quarter, stoking fears of recession. Trade-dependent Singapore downgraded its 2020 economic growth forecast and has said recession is possible. It is set to unveil measures to cushion the blow on Tuesday. Organizers of the Tokyo Marathon have decided to limit the March 1 race to top-level athletes, banning 38,000 general participants, a person with knowledge of the issue told Reuters. Japan’s Imperial Household Agency said it would cancel Emperor Naruhito’s public birthday address on Feb. 23, his first since his coronation last year. The event regularly attracts tens of thousands of people to the inner grounds of the Imperial Palace in the heart of Tokyo.|China, passengers, cruise, ship, cases, people, virus, Cambodia, home, quarantine, Japan, coronavirus, tested, weeks, reported, country, Monday, expected, growth, 2020|country,virus,quarantine,Japan,home|moody,texas,wuhan,marathon,america,household,malaysia,health,holland,princess,beijing,carnival,19,imperial,singapore,united,florida,diamond,party,hubei,line,fort,palace,japan,covid,rauen,communist,reuters,year,japanese,westerdam,agency,tokyo,s,california,lunar,american,cambodia,of,cambodian,ministry,sihanoukville,new,southeast,chinese,corp,china,states,asia,myers,emperor,naruhito,shanghai,holley|1581944580
5e3e9ae076c6e08a821bd148|"According to a report by the Central News Agency today, the Lancet journal points out that there may be multiple foci of pneumonia in Wuhan. According to a recent Wuhan pneumonia research paper published by the lancet, a British Medical Journal, from the top 41 patients admitted to Jinyintan hospital in Wuhan, China, the South China seafood market is not the only place where the new pneumonia epidemic originated, but may be a large area with multiple foci. According to the report, a paper published by lancet on the 24th local time disclosed the situation of the top 41 patients admitted to Jinyintan hospital. A chart in the paper shows that three of the top four infected people have no history of exposure to the South China seafood market, which has been regarded as the focus of the South China seafood market. Huang Zhaolin, vice president of the Wuhan golden Yin Tan Hospital, said: ""from the whole epidemic situation, the seafood market is not the only source of exposure,"" the origin of the new coronavirus is multisource. Cao Bin, the correspondence author and chief physician of respiratory and Critical Medicine Department of China Japan Friendship Hospital, also said in reply to science: ""it seems clear now that the seafood market in South China is not the only focus, but to be honest, we don't know where the virus comes from."" According to the paper, the first case of new coronavirus infection in the hospital was recorded in December 1, 2019. There was no history of exposure to the seafood market in Southern China. No fever or respiratory symptoms were reported in the family. In December 10th, only 3 people were infected. Two of them did not have a history of exposure to the seafood market in Southern China. Of the top 41 patients admitted to Jinyintan hospital, only 27 had contact with the South China seafood market. According to the 26 China Disease Control and Prevention Center, 585 samples from Southern China seafood market detected 33 samples containing new coronavirus nucleic acids, and successfully isolated virus from positive environmental samples, suggesting that the virus originated from wild animals sold in Southern China seafood market. These positive samples were distributed in 22 stalls and 1 garbage truck on the market 。 Tang Jinling, Professor of epidemiology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, was quoted as saying, ""there should be multiple sources of viruses in the South China seafood market at that time, and they are relatively scattered. Dozens of patients appear at the same time in a short period of time, and there is no history of contact with each other, indicating that the infected wild animals may not accidentally enter a stall, but enter multiple doors at the same time in a short period of time Shop, this can cause so many people at the same time. According to him, the virus may have become more common in wild animal infectious sources, which increases the possibility of these animals entering other markets or re entering the market and infecting human beings. According to the report, Tang Jinling said that the original birthplace may not be a point, but a large area, and there is the possibility of people passing on people. Considering that some of the initial infected people have no contact history with the seafood market in South China and have close contact history with the infected people, in addition to the seafood market in South China, it is also necessary to consider whether there is virus detection in other markets in Wuhan, so as to find out how large the scope of ""a large area"" is, so as to completely cut off the chance of reinfection of animals to human beings. But he also stressed that these assumptions are based on the limited information at present and need further investigation and verification."|China, market, seafood, South, time, people, history, Wuhan, infected, virus, multiple, paper, top, patients, hospital, large, exposure, Southern, contact, samples|virus,infected,seafood,patients,exposure|wuhan,disease,jinling,journal,department,cao,zhaolin,university,medicine,southern,tang,huang,lancet,and,bin,japan,prevention,agency,kong,british,hospital,tan,of,medical,south,hong,central,yin,center,chinese,news,jinyintan,china,critical,control,friendship|1580144940
5e40ceb7c0fe4e1400def4bc|The daily increase in newly confirmed infections with the Coronavirus in China seems to have stabilised slightly, but remains very high. The number of infected increased again by 3143. This confirms 31 161 viral outbreaks, as reported by the Beijing Health Commission. It was the second day in a row that no more new infections were reported than the day before. Within one day, however, 73 patients died of the new type of lung disease, as many as the day before. This is already the cause of 636 deaths in China. (dpa)|day, infections, China, reported, daily, increase, newly, confirmed, Coronavirus, stabilised, slightly, remains, high, number, infected, increased, 3143, confirms, 31, 161|stabilised,day,infected,remains,confirmed|commission,coronavirus,china,health,beijing|1581030000
5e3e655ea6201cadba7c816a|"India is closely monitoring the evolving situation in China following the outbreak of mysterious Coronavirus which claimed the lives of 18 people and has infected hundreds, based on the number of confirmed cases. Indian Embassy in Beijing is in touch with relevant Chinese authorities in Beijing and Wuhan as well as Indians in Hubei Province. It has started two hotlines to get in touch with the embassy in regard of Coronavirus-- +8618612083629 and +8618612083629. ""Embassy of India has been receiving queries from Indians in Hubei province as well as their relatives in India in connection with the evolving situation of the coronavirus epidemic in China. In this regard, Embassy of India is in touch with relevant Chinese authorities in Beijing and Wuhan as well as Indians in Hubei Province, especially in Wuhan. We are closely monitoring the evolving situation in China, including advisories issued by the World Health Organization (WHO) in this connection,"" said the embassy in a statement. The deadly virus has originated from the city of Wuhan in the month of December and since then cases have been reported in the United States and several Asian cities other than China, including South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and Thailand. To check further spread of the virus, Chinese authorities on Thursday put Wuhan city under lockdown. Indian Embassy said that the Chinese authorities have assured all assistance to residents of Wuhan, including food supply. ""At present, it is reported that supermarkets (particularly those that are government run) and e-commerce services, including food delivery continue to remain operational in Wuhan,"" said the embassy. The authorities in Wuhan city have imposed a complete travel ban on local residents, in a bid to curb the spread of the deadly virus . The ban issued by command authority in the city said that from 10:00 am on Thursday, urban buses, subways, ferries and long-distance passenger transport would be suspended in the city. Flights and trains departing from Wuhan will also be suspended. ""Advisory has been issued by the Ministry of Civil Aviation, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and our consulates in China. People coming from China will have to go through the screening process (at airports),"" MEA spokesperson Raveesh Kumar said at a weekly briefing in Beijing."|Wuhan, China, authorities, city, India, Embassy, Beijing, Chinese, including, evolving, situation, touch, Indians, Hubei, embassy, issued, virus, closely, monitoring, Coronavirus|situation,virus,embassy,authorities,Beijing|taiwan,thailand,wuhan,welfare,health,aviation,beijing,world,india,united,embassy,coronavirus,hubei,and,japan,raveesh,family,civil,kumar,of,ministry,south,korea,indian,asian,chinese,organization,mea,indians,china,states,province|1579839720
5e4155d5cae8370994363d96|"The British authorities announced this Wednesday that they will send medical teams to meet passengers arriving from Wuhan, a city in central China where the new coronavirus was detected, while Italy will control passenger temperatures. As of Thursday, the Italian Ministry of Health has planned the establishment of a ""health channel with temperature control through a scanner"" at Fiumicino airport (Rome), which performs three direct weekly flights with connection to Wuhan. ""It is also planned to compile a form indicating the destinations and paths of passengers, after landing"", explained the ministry in the communique. Other countries introduced systematic temperature controls for travellers from China, including Russia (via airliners) and Thailand. In London, the three weekly rights flights between Wuhan and Heathrow Airport were subject to ""enhanced surveillance"" as of today, the British Ministry of Health said, considering ""low"" the risk to the population of the United Kingdom. According to the same source, medical teams will receive passengers on these flights ""to provide advice and help those who feel bad"". The ministry, which describes these measures as ""proportionate and preventive"", adds that they can be extended to flights from other Chinese cities ""if necessary"". The level of risk to the British population has increased from ""very low"" to ""low"" due to the possible arrival in the country of people with the virus. The virus, which was initially detected last December in Wuhan, a city in central China, spread to several Asian countries and reached the United States, where the first case was identified. Yeah. On Tuesday, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control considered that the risk of importing cases to the European Union was ""moderate"", but on the occasion of the Chinese New Year it may ""increase"" due to an increase in travel. The Romanian authorities have also indicated that they intend to establish temperature controls for passengers at airports. In France, Health Minister Agn o s Buzyn considered the risk of ""low"" but ""not excluded"" introduction on Tuesday. Temperature controls have not been implemented, however precautionary messages are transmitted on direct flights to and from Wuhan and posters reminding the procedures to be followed in case of symptoms are displayed at international airports, Buzyn explained. In Germany, there are no'specific measures at this stage at airports', according to the Federal Ministry of Health. In Portugal, the Government has today alerted the Portuguese to travel to China and surrounding areas to report on the development of a new virus and has recommended that tourists and residents register or register with the consulate. The number of cases of the new coronavirus has increased rapidly and today 444 confirmed cases, with 17 dead, according to the Deputy Director of the National Health Commission of China. Nine people died, all in Hubei province, whose capital is Wuhan. Outside China, cases of the new coronavirus have been confirmed in South Korea, the United States, Japan, Thailand, Taiwan and today in Macao. Cases feed fears about a potential epidemic, similar to atypical pneumonia, or Severe Acute Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which between 2002 and 2003 killed 650 people in mainland China and Hong Kong."|China, Wuhan, Health, flights, passengers, low, risk, cases, British, coronavirus, Ministry, temperature, controls, United, people, virus, airports, authorities, medical, teams|passengers,low,risk,flights,virus|commission,airport,thailand,wuhan,disease,taiwan,portuguese,romanian,health,portugal,kingdom,france,germany,united,italy,hubei,and,fiumicino,prevention,federal,japan,year,union,for,kong,russia,british,italian,macao,of,london,ministry,centre,european,new,agn,south,buzyn,korea,hong,asian,chinese,china,heathrow,states,national,control|1579726080
5e40f6ef8b3ade896662c6d5|(This Feb. 8 story has been corrected to remove erroneous reference to the American citizen who died as a man, as the U.S. embassy did not state the gender of the deceased) By Tom Daly and Min Zhang BEIJING (Reuters) - A 60-year-old American has died of the new coronavirus, the first confirmed non-Chinese death of the illness, U.S. officials said, as millions of Chinese began returning home after a Lunar New Year break that was extended to try to contain the outbreak. While the vast majority of cases have been in China, the virus has spread to some two dozen countries abroad, including five British nationals infected in a French mountain resort. The American died on Thursday in Wuhan, epicenter of the virus outbreak in the central Chinese province of Hubei, a U.S. embassy spokesman said in Beijing on Saturday. He did not elaborate. A Japanese man in his sixties and hospitalized with pneumonia in Wuhan, capital of Hubei, also died after suffering symptoms consistent with the new coronavirus, Japan’s foreign ministry said. The virus has been a blow to China’s already-slowing economy, with Goldman Sachs cutting its first-quarter GDP growth target to 4% from 5.6% previously and saying a deeper hit is possible. “It’s certainly not going to be a return to normal next week,” said Julian Evans-Pritchard, senior China economist at Capital Economics in Singapore. The death toll in mainland China rose to 723 on Saturday, the World Health Organization (WHO) said, looking likely to pass the 774 deaths recorded globally during the 2002-2003 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). GRAPHIC: Comparing new coronavirus to SARS and MERS - here Most of the deaths in China have occurred in and around Wuhan. Across mainland China, the number of cases stood at 34,598, the WHO said . The virus has spread to 27 countries and regions, according to a Reuters count based on official reports, infecting more than 330 people. Two deaths have been reported outside mainland China - in Hong Kong and the Philippines. Both victims were Chinese nationals. WHO expert Mike Ryan told a news conference in Geneva that the number of new cases in Hubei had stabilized over the last four days, “which may reflect the impact of control measures put in place”. Speaking later to Reuters he cautioned, however, that “it’s not a decline. That can just mean four days of relative calm before it accelerates.” For a full coverage of the coronavirus outbreak click, here The latest patients outside China include five British nationals staying in the same chalet at a ski village in Haute-Savoie in the Alps, French health officials said, raising fears of further infections at a busy period in the ski season. The five, including a child, had been lodged in the same chalet with a British man believed to have contracted the virus in Singapore. They were not in a serious condition, the officials said. France issued a new travel advisory for its citizens, saying it did not recommend traveling to China unless there was an “imperative” reason. Italy asked children traveling from China to stay away from school for two weeks voluntarily. GRAPHIC: Tracking the novel coronavirus - here Hidden among the statistics are poignant tales of grief and frustration. Canadian mother Amelia Pan is at home while her two-year-old daughter, Cerena, is running a fever and stranded in Hubei where her father has contracted the virus. “I am just hanging in there,” Pan said in a Skype interview. “I need to stay strong so I can fight for my family.” China’s Communist Party rulers have sealed off cities, canceled flights and closed factories, a response that has dented the world’s second-biggest economy and had ripple effects globally for financial markets and businesses dependent on China . China’s economy will sputter toward normal on Monday, as millions return to the big cities after the biggest holiday of the year. The holiday was extended, but many workplaces will remain closed and many white-collar workers will continue to work from home.    U.S. electric carmaker Tesla’s (TSLA.O) factory in Shanghai will resume production on Monday, a government official said on Saturday.    Apple Inc APPL.O said it was working to reopen its China corporate offices and call centers and was making preparations to reopen retail stores there.    But Chinese authorities have blocked a plan by Apple supplier Foxconn (2317.TW) to resume production from Feb. 10 over concerns about the spread of the virus, Japan’s Nikkei business daily reported on Saturday. Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), facing supply chain disruptions, said it had postponed restarting production at most China plants in its joint venture with SAIC Motor (600104.SS) and the Tianjin plant in its JV with FAW Group SASACJ.UL until Feb. 17. News of the death on Friday of Li Wenliang, a doctor who was reprimanded by police for raising the alarm about the new coronavirus, sparked outrage on Chinese social media. Chinese-ruled Hong Kong introduced a two-week quarantine on Saturday for all people arriving from the mainland, or who have been there during the previous 14 days. The Pentagon is shrinking the size of its delegation traveling to the Singapore Airshow 2020 and U.S. defense firms Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and Raytheon Co (RTN.N) said they would not attend. Singapore has 40 coronavirus infections. Another three people on a cruise liner off Japan tested positive for coronavirus, bringing the total number of confirmed cases from the ship to 64, Japan’s health ministry said. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) on Friday banned “any guests holding Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports, regardless of when they were there last” from boarding the company’s ships . The WHO warned on Friday against the “unnecessary, unhelpful profiling of individuals based on ethnicity”.|China, coronavirus, Chinese, virus, Saturday, died, outbreak, cases, Hubei, Japan, Singapore, mainland, Feb, American, man, Reuters, year, death, officials, home|death,virus,Japan,American,officials|ltd,health,caribbean,volkswagen,economics,goldman,singapore,wenliang,italy,geneva,lmt,daly,capital,airshow,lunar,raytheon,nikkei,tesla,tsla,julian,organization,corp,royal,shanghai,pan,tom,vowg,sachs,li,hubei,faw,japanese,haute,s,kong,n,british,group,sasacj,inc,2317,alps,chinese,french,mike,china,rcl,philippines,rtn,appl,beijing,world,tw,de,martin,ruled,o,u,pentagon,zhang,evans,new,macau,ss,cerena,2020,p,savoie,ul,wuhan,foxconn,lockheed,sars,france,tianjin,motor,party,pritchard,japan,min,communist,reuters,year,apple,who,cruises,american,600104,ryan,saic,mers,hong,non,canadian,amelia,co|1581355740
5e40cec2c0fe4e1400def4e5|In Germany, for the first time, an infection with the new Coronavirus has been confirmed. A man from the district of Starnberg in Bavaria was infected, a spokesman for the Ministry of Health in Munich reported. According to the National Health and Food Safety Agency, the patient is in good clinical condition. He'll be medically monitored and isolated. Experts currently consider the risk for the population of Bavaria to become infected with the Coronavirus to be low. (dpa)|Coronavirus, Bavaria, infected, Health, Germany, time, infection, confirmed, man, district, Starnberg, spokesman, Ministry, Munich, reported, National, Food, Safety, Agency, patient|Starnberg,infected,Safety,patient,Food|munich,germany,starnberg,bavaria,coronavirus,and,of,health,national,ministry,agency,safety,food|1580166000
5e3fa23cc7d7d06da7396eb4|"Beijing, February 4 - Russia News Agency. China understands Russia's restrictive measures for coronal flights, Russian ambassador to China Andrei Denisov said Tuesday. ""No criticism. On the contrary, China has an understanding of the measures we have taken. "" Previously, it was reported that since February 4, Russia has restricted the entry of foreigners from Chinese territory through exit ports, and will only allow some citizens to pass through sheremejevo airport. Since February 1, 2020, Russian and Chinese airlines have suspended regular airliner transportation from Russia to China, including commercial airliner transportation. In addition, regular flights from Moscow to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hong Kong and other places are also exceptions. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. The number of coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 2040, with 425 deaths."|China, Russia, February, Chinese, Beijing, measures, flights, Russian, regular, airliner, transportation, 2019, Agency, understands, restrictive, coronal, ambassador, Andrei, Denisov, Tuesday|ambassador,flights,Russian,airliner,Beijing|kong,russia,andrei,world,wuhan,colorado,denisov,chinese,news,organization,china,russian,guangzhou,health,shanghai,agency,beijing,s,hong,moscow|1580809500
5e3e6711ff976e92724b7088|ROME (Reuters) - Italy’s air traffic from and to China will remain closed due to coronavirus, the health ministry said on Friday, after China’s foreign ministry had said Italy was willing to resume some flights. Rome suspended direct air traffic last week over worries about the virus outbreak. On Thursday, Italy confirmed its third case of coronavirus, saying an Italian national had tested positive after returning from the Chinese city of Wuhan in Hubei province, the epicenter of the virus that has killed hundreds of people.|Italy, air, traffic, China, coronavirus, ministry, virus, ROME, Reuters, remain, closed, due, health, Friday, foreign, resume, flights, Rome, suspended, direct|health,virus,remain,flights,suspended|rome,italian,wuhan,italy,chinese,hubei,china,s|1581066600
5e46a941135e9a4f6db2d719|(Adds details of government handouts) HONG KONG, Feb 14 (Reuters) - Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam on Friday pledged handouts totalling  HK$25 billion ($3.2 billion) to the Hospital Authority and businesses grappling with the coronavirus outbreak that has piled further pressure on the Chinese-ruled city’s battered economy. Lam, speaking at a press conference, said the government would provide HK$4.7 billion ($605 million) to the Hospital Authority in addition to a series of one-off payments to retailers and others impacted by the outbreak. Hong Kong has 56 confirmed cases of the virus, which has killed one person in the city. Chinese authorities on Friday reported more than 5,000 new cases of the infection, taking the total number of infected to 63,851. Some 1,380 people have died of the virus that emerged in December in Wuhan, capital of the central province of Hubei. Lam, accused by some residents of mishandling the health crisis, said the government would issue one-off payments of HKD$80,000 to certified travel agents and between HKD$80,000 and HK$200,000 to restaurants, food and beverage businesses based on their size. “My biggest concern now is really for us to overcome this public health crisis together so that we could then focus on re-launching Hong Kong and rebuilding Hong Kong’s economic strength,” Lam said. The package will need to be approved by the city’s Legislative Council. Travel restrictions and other efforts to contain the virus have dealt another blow to a city already grappling with the impact of months of often-violent protests. The economy contracted for the first time in a decade in 2019. Lam called this week on residents to stay indoors as much as possible. Shopping malls and restaurants are almost deserted as people work from home and schools remain closed. (Reporting By Felix Tam and Jessie Pang Writing by Anne Marie Roantree Editing by John Stonestreet and Frances Kerry)|Lam, Hong, Kong, city, 000, government, HK, billion, virus, handouts, Friday, Hospital, Authority, businesses, grappling, outbreak, Chinese, economy, payments, cases|virus,Chinese,Kong,grappling,Hong|kerry,wuhan,roantree,marie,hubei,ruled,legislative,council,felix,s,kong,lam,hospital,pang,jessie,stonestreet,tam,frances,hong,john,chinese,authority,carrie,anne|1581681660
5e3fab957789d687c1b75968|"Moscow, 24 January. /tass/ Rostov asked tour operators to offer Russian tourists a more successful alternative to China in terms of national epidemiology. Tass reported this to Rostov news agency. ""Please note that it is necessary to brief tourists planning to visit China, Rostolizman pointed out that there was a risk of infection and suggested countries with more epidemiological success. In addition, Rostov strongly suggests that ""tourists should take this into account when planning and deciding to travel to China"". In December 2019, the first case of coronavirus 2019-ncv with unknown cause of death occurred in Wuhan, China. The virus has killed 26 people and infected 900 across the country. In addition, there are cases of infection in places other than China: Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Japan and the United States."|China, Rostov, tourists, planning, infection, addition, 2019, Moscow, 24, January, tass, asked, tour, operators, offer, Russian, successful, alternative, terms, national|tass,Russian,terms,Moscow,tourists|rostov,singapore,thailand,wuhan,united,tass,china,russian,japan,states,south,rostolizman,korea,moscow|1579896951
5e3e9a6e76c6e08a821bd05d|"Please look at two different media backgrounds. One is the pro Beijing ""multi dimension"" and the other is the French ""Le Monde"". The former focuses on China, while the latter focuses on the attitude of the international community towards China. One of the former's articles, entitled ""public opinion has made the Communist Party nervous"" wrote: ""these days, not only mainland news websites and portal websites (such as Netease, Phoenix, finance and Economics) have"" broken the scale "", but also microblogs, which have been regarded as the"" post-90s little pink majority ""in the past two or three years, have made a lot of voice of scolding the Communist Party and even directly criticizing leaders. What's more surprising is that there is a lot of public opinion about ""reviewing the system"". Although it has been in the past, the volume is not so huge. "". According to the publicity, the outbreak of public opinion criticizing the authorities centered on several controversial points, first against the official concealment of the epidemic in Wuhan, then around the lack of medical resources, the Red Cross scandal and so on. For example, the media said that the United States decided to prohibit people who have been to China in the past 14 days from entering the United States. In the past, perhaps the public opinion of the mainland would be on the side of the government. This time, ""online public opinion is full of understanding of this practice of the United States and anger at local governments in China"". The media did not dare to say that China's public opinion is not stupid, and their anger is more aimed at China Government, they know local government is just a mouthpiece. The situation of China in the world is just like that of Hubei in China Finally, multidimensional advised, ""if the epidemic can't really be remembered and reformed by the ruling people, then if anything happens in the future, the government will face a public opinion counterattack again and again. Is it stable?"" In a report entitled ""China's regime is on the defensive due to the epidemic in Wuhan"", the world daily said that why did the world show sympathy to Wuhan when Notre Dame in Paris caught fire? What's worse, since Wuhan pneumonia appeared in all the media, an anti Chinese racism has appeared in broad daylight, and it's everywhere: in Asia, some people sneer at ""these bat meat eaters!"" in Europe, some people try to stay away from Chinese people on the bus. U.S. Commerce Secretary rose even dares to gloat: the virus epidemic can only lead enterprises in China to return to the United States for production. In the view of the world news, despite how unjust and intolerable this is, these reactions prove that the Chinese authorities are losing a public relations war. It's not just one, it's all. Whether in China or abroad 。 In 2008, after the Wenchuan earthquake in Sichuan, Hong Kong people were the main donors of post disaster reconstruction. In 2020, medical workers in Hong Kong went on strike for several days in order to close all ports connecting with mainland China. Even the Kazakhstan or Philippines's participation in Xi Jinping led ""one belt and one road"" aimed at building a friendly network has also closed their doors. In Italy, the first group of seven countries joined in the ""one belt and one way"" country. From now on, Chinese tourists are treated as plague patients. Russia, which has closed more than 4000 kilometers of its border with China, did not even do so when SARS was rampant in 2003. These countries repeat what Beijing asked Wuhan to do on a national scale: to close the city. The situation of China in the world is just like that of Hubei in China. China's failure is also reflected in diplomacy. First, the authorities spared no effort to pressure the World Health Organization not to declare the Wuhan epidemic as a ""public health emergency of international concern"". As a result, they were forced to accept the reality a week later. Prior to that, Tan Desai's visit to Beijing was clearly a victory for Xi Jinping. Tan Desai did not criticize the timing of the delay of the Chinese authorities. Instead, he praised Beijing's transparency and the speed of responding to the epidemic. Unfortunately, almost on the same day, it was known that on January 1, Beijing detained eight doctors who dared to compare the Wuhan epidemic with SARS in the name of banning rumor. Increasingly, the revelations show that Chinese authorities have lost three weeks of critical time to deal with the virus, less than Beijing did in 2003. However, from then on to now, the number of foreign tourists to China has tripled, while the number of Chinese tourists to foreign countries has increased sevenfold. Of course, the speed of virus transmission has also increased many times. What does that mean? It turns out that the Chinese government regards diplomacy as more important than health. Beijing continues to refuse Taiwan's accession to the who, although the island has also been hit by Wuhan pneumonia. Taiwan's doctors are also very professional. However, because Beijing does not recognize Taiwan's independence, Taiwan's who has no voice. Japan and Canada denounced China, which shows that Beijing still advocates power contrast rather than real cooperation 。 What's most significant is that when the who announced that the Wuhan epidemic constituted a ""public health emergency of international concern"", the first response of the Chinese foreign ministry was ""China will continue to cooperate with who and other countries"". In fact, since the who made a decision, China has released a once repressed NEW discourse against the west, exposing the ""hysterical anti western"" of Western media China. According to worldnews, the failure of the authorities to inspire the international community to support China and recognize their views first reflects the inability of the CPC authorities to create a situation of national unity around the CPC in their own country. If so, the Chinese seem to be in favor of tough segregation, and many accuse the authorities of missing the moment. Until January 20th, the Chinese authorities will admit that Wuhan pneumonia has happened. In fact, doctors have been talking about this assumption since December 25. When the authorities closed the South China Seafood Market suspected of being the source of the disease on January 1, the public reason was ""renovation"". The truth is that many people working in the seafood market at that time had been isolated. The Chinese people know that at the end of the year, on the one hand, the Spring Festival is to be celebrated, and on the other hand, the time for the local people's Congress and the CPPCC to hold a meeting to elect deputies. At the two sessions in March, these deputies will rush into Beijing to perform the national ""harmony"" again. The nightmare of being an official is to be afraid to report even a few small problems. In order to surprise the Beijing authorities and Wuhan citizens, the mayor of Wuhan organized a banquet for 40 million people on January 19. For these, the Chinese understand that, as they see Xi Jinping, they have become very low-key in recent days. Xi Jinping was different from his previous crises. He could not find the right words to comfort his compatriots. If the outbreak continues in Wuhan, the Communist Party of China will take a huge risk of legitimacy erosion."|China, Wuhan, Chinese, Beijing, public, authorities, people, epidemic, opinion, media, world, international, days, past, United, States, government, time, Xi, Jinping|Jinping,authorities,opinion,international,days|taiwan,philippines,wuhan,market,jinping,health,wenchuan,cppcc,sars,beijing,seafood,economics,notre,world,united,sichuan,party,hubei,italy,and,desai,japan,communist,festival,cross,s,u,congress,kong,russia,cpc,finance,netease,tan,western,monde,paris,of,what,new,kazakhstan,south,hong,dame,french,chinese,organization,canada,china,states,asia,xi,spring,le,red,europe,phoenix|1580863140
5e3e6448c1ed9bdff74a3c94|"The Centre on Monday decided to take steps for possible evacuation of over 250 Indians from Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak, and announced a raft of precautionary measures to deal with suspected cases.  A meeting chaired by Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba reviewed India's preparedness to deal with the virus amid mounting global concern over increasing number of cases in China and several other countries. In India, no case has been detected so far though nearly 450 people have been kept under observation in the country, most of them in Kerala, following screening for possible exposure to the novel coronavirus. Some, who have returned from China in recent weeks, have approached medical authorities as a precautionary step. Till Monday, a total 33,552 passengers arriving in India from China in 155 flights have been screened. ""4,359 passengers in 18 flights from China screened today (on Monday) for nCoV. No (positive) case has been found in the country so far,"" a senior health official said. The meeting in Delhi presided by the Cabinet Secretary decided to take a a series of precautionary measures including screening of people at international ports having traffic from China as well as at the integrated check posts across the border with Nepal. Officials said Ministry of External Affairs will make a request to the Chinese authorities for evacuation of Indian nationals, mostly students, stuck in Wuhan city. 'It was decided that steps may be taken to prepare for possible evacuation of Indian nationals in Wuhan. Accordingly, Ministry of External Affairs will make a request to the Chinese authorities,' a government statement said. Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani have urged the Centre to take steps to bring back students from their states who are studying in Wuhan . Wuhan along 12 other cities have been completely sealed by the Chinese authorities to stop the virus from spreading. The death toll climbed to 80 with 2,744 confirmed cases. Over 250 to 300 Indian students are reportedly stuck in Wuhan triggering concerns over their well-being. The statement said the ministry of civil aviation and ministry of health will make arrangements for transport and quarantine facilities respectively. The meeting also decided that the civil aviation ministry will issue instruction to airlines for managing and notifying anybody reporting illness on all flights with direct or indirect connectivity to China. Officials said the civil aviation ministry will also ask the airlines to make in-flight announcements and distribute 'health cards' to all flights with direct or indirect connectivity to China. The home ministry will ensure that integrated check posts initiate screening of visitors across Nepal border. 'States have been requested to provide health staff for these check posts. SSB/ BSF/Immigration officers manning integrated check posts have been sensitised,' the statement said. Union Health Secretary Preeti Sudan spoke to chief secretaries and police chiefs of the five states bordering Nepal -- Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and Sikkim to review their preparedness for prevention and management of the coronavirus. The Principal Secretary (Health) carried out a similar exercise with other states and Union Territories. The Union health ministry has also urged passengers who have a travel history to China since January 1 to come forward for self-reporting at the nearest health facility if they experience any symptoms such as fever, cough, respiratory distress etc. A Chinese national on tourist visa in Kolkata has been kept in an isolation ward at the Beleghata ID Hospital since Sunday after she complained of high fever and rashes, and officials said they are awaiting her test reports . They said the foreign national has mild fever and stomach ache, symptoms that do not necessarily suggest presence of the novel coronavirus. ""She has been travelling for quite sometime and came to India from Madagascar a few months ago... As a part of precautionary measure, we have isolated the woman till her reports arrive,"" Principal Secretary of Health Department Vivek Kumar told PTI. According to the World Health Organisation, the common symptoms of the virus strain include respiratory symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath and breathing difficulties. At least 436 people, who returned to Kerala from China in recent days, are under observation for possible exposure to coronavirus, according to health officials in Thiruvananthapuram. Five people are still under observation in isolation wards at various hospitals across the state, officials said, adding, all results of blood samples sent to the National Institute of Virology at Pune till now have been found to be negative for the virus. While three people are in hospitals at Ernakulam, one each are in Thiruvananthapuram and Thrissur, officials said. Two people, admitted earlier to hospitals in Pathanamthitta and Malappuram, have been discharged. Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to arrange for airlifting stranded Indians from Wuhan saying the state had information from relatives of students from Kerala studying at various Universities there that the situation there was 'grave'. As many as 3,756 passengers arriving from China were screened for the coronavirus at the international airport here since January 18, but no confirmed case of the deadly disease has been found so far in Mumbai, a state health department official said on Monday. Five people are under observation in Maharashtra, including three who have tested negative. Reports of the others are awaited, the official said . A high-level meeting was held in chaired by Pradeep Vyas, principal secretary, public health department, to review preparations to deal with any situation. ""The government will prepare a list of passengers who have returned to Mumbai from China since January 1 this year and will enquire about their health condition,"" the official said. A woman who returned from China last week was admitted to a Patna hospital on Monday with symptoms similar to those of coronavirus. The woman who is in her 20s returned home to Chapra, the headquarters of Saran district, from China on January 22 and she was taken to the Chapra Sadar Hospital three days later. Thermal sensors have been installed at Amritsar international airport to screen passengers for deadly novel coronavirus, the Punjab government said, adding it will also set up a screening facility at Mohali international airport on Tuesday. Thermal screening is already being done at many airports including in New Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Kochi. The state health department also found no symptoms of the virus among four passengers, three at Amritsar airport and one at Mohali airport, who travelled to China recently, state health minister Balbir Singh Sidhu said, adding people who travelled to China in the last 28 days can report to their nearest district hospital for any assistance. Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani has urged External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar to intervene after parents of students studying in Wuhan sought help for their safe return. The state government said as many as 100 students from the state are stuck in China, and informed that Rupani has spoken to Jaishankar on phone asking him to ensure their safe return home. Three persons, who had travelled to China but do not have symptoms of the novel Coronavirus, were under observation of medical authorities in Hyderabad . The three approached the authorities in view of spread of the virus in China and they were admitted to the state-run Institute of Tropical Diseases (Fever hospital) in the city, medical sources said. However, two of them have since been discharged after being advised to stay put at home, they said. As part of preventive steps , two residents of Bengaluru who returned from China about ten days ago, have been kept under medical supervision at a hospital, the Karnataka Health Department said. Another person who was admitted for medical supervision three days ago had been discharged after he tested negative. The Goa government has decided to form a special task force to deal with the situation. Health Minister Vishwajit Rane has said that people arriving in Goa from the virus-affected regions outside India would be closely monitored. ""I have given instructions to form a special task force to monitor any cases of coronavirus in Goa. All the activities, including people arriving from the virus-affected regions, would be closely monitored and information reported to the state Chief Secretary,"" Rane said. The task force will work as per the guidelines laid down by the Union Ministry of Health, he added."|China, health, people, coronavirus, state, Wuhan, virus, passengers, Minister, Health, symptoms, Secretary, returned, authorities, students, ministry, Monday, decided, Chinese, India|health,virus,authorities,symptoms,state|delhi,narendra,rupani,ernakulam,health,hyderabad,kerala,punjab,vyas,coronavirus,sudan,bihar,institute,of,indian,pinarayi,virology,chennai,mumbai,bengal,affairs,nepal,thrissur,beleghata,jaishankar,thiruvananthapuram,pathanamthitta,external,s,goa,bsf,sidhu,bengaluru,rajiv,amritsar,chinese,indians,china,states,chapra,patna,sikkim,id,tropical,immigration,some,balbir,vijay,india,world,modi,west,malappuram,uttarakhand,union,pradeep,hospital,pti,kumar,kochi,madagascar,new,mohali,diseases,vishwajit,pradesh,territories,ssb,wuhan,gujarat,sadar,department,kolkata,saran,vijayan,vivek,pune,singh,uttar,ministry,maharashtra,gauba,rane,organisation,preeti,national,karnataka|1580145540
5e414bd97e27cd38d1b1ee92|"The seven Portuguese passport citizens who were quarantined aboard a cruise in Hong Kong are not infected with the new virus or ""at any risk"", said this Thursday the Director General for Health at a press conference. ""There is no report indicating that you are at special risk or have developed symptoms,"" added Grace Freitas. Information about the presence of Portuguese aboard the cruise was advanced today by the Macao government. Like them, others about three.600 people were quarantined for fear of infection. Grace Freitas announced two other ""news"" at a press conference, one concerning the transfer of the four Portuguese returnees from Wuhan's Park of Health in Lisbon to Pulido Valente Hospital (where the remaining Portuguese have been removed from the Chinese city), and the other concerning the repeated analysis, ""at the time when the Portuguese leave the hospital facilities, completed 11 or 12 days of prophylactic isolation"". Asked again about airport screening, Grace Freitas stated that the DGS maintains its position from the outset, that screening is not necessary but information is being distributed on board information leaflets to citizens travelling directly from China to Portugal, which include the number of health services to be used if you experience symptoms of infection with the new virus."|Portuguese, Grace, Freitas, citizens, quarantined, aboard, cruise, virus, risk, Health, press, conference, symptoms, infection, screening, information, passport, Hong, Kong, infected|citizens,virus,risk,infected,Kong|kong,wuhan,hospital,macao,portuguese,chinese,grace,lisbon,valente,china,freitas,of,health,portugal,dgs,park,pulido,s,hong|1581009416
5e3faca07789d687c1b759c8|"Tass, January 23. Due to the proliferation risk of coronaveros 2019 ncov, Amur state has implemented a high state of alert. Olga kruganov, director of the regional authority of the consumer protection supervision agency of the Russian Federation, disclosed the news to reporters. According to the latest data, the number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 570. 17 people died. According to the latest data, 95 infected people are in critical condition. More than 5800 people are in close contact with patients. They are all segregated. ""We just had a special meeting of the Amur state health and epidemic prevention Commission. ""All our departments and departments involved in this issue are on high alert. Now we have a large number of citizens going to China for the new year, and we are looking forward to their return. ""It's a comprehensive thermometric for all citizens to return,"" kurganov said. Staff at the Amur infection hospital in blagoveshinsk are ready to work in the context of a complex epidemic, and the agency is conducting additional training, Report by the Information Office of the Ministry of health About According to Yelena sayapina, the hospital's chief medical officer, the reception staff are prepared to work in complex epidemic situations, That is to say, in case of suspected particularly dangerous infection and collective contact of patients. She added that the agency is conducting clinical research on biochemistry, viruses, bacteria and parasitic diseases, Department of infectious diseases and infectious disease doctors with the highest level of consultation."|Amur, state, agency, people, epidemic, high, alert, latest, data, number, China, contact, patients, health, departments, citizens, return, infection, hospital, work|health,Amur,citizens,alert,agency|amur,information,federation,the,russian,kruganov,china,office,of,health,ministry,olga,yelena|1579763564
5e3fa63a7789d687c1b75741|"St. Petersburg, 5 February. /tass/ Since the outbreak of new pneumonia in China at the end of December 2019, the situation in Colorado 2019 ncov will not hinder the cooperation between Petersburg and China, According to mayor Alexander behrov. ""On behalf of the government of St. Petersburg and all Petersburg people, I would like to extend my heartfelt sympathy and support to all family members who have died of coronavirus infection. >China is an old friend and reliable partner of St. Petersburg. We have actively developed our cooperation and made great achievements in economic, trade and humanitarian fields. I believe that nothing will affect the speed of our cooperation. "" -Zhang Wei, acting Consul General of the people's Republic of China, said in his speech in St. Petersburg, It was distributed by the Information Office of the city government on Wednesday. Bergloff also expressed the hope that the decisive action of the central and local authorities of China will stabilize the situation of Colorado virus as soon as possible."|Petersburg, China, St, cooperation, 2019, situation, Colorado, government, people, February, tass, outbreak, pneumonia, end, December, ncov, hinder, mayor, Alexander, behrov|ncov,pneumonia,end,government,mayor|behrov,republic,information,colorado,petersburg,zhang,china,office,alexander,of,st,bergloff,wei|1580946720
5e3fba7e8b626a2f83fcac52|In Germany, the number of people infected with coronavirus increased to 12, 2019n cov. Two cases have been reported by the Bavaria State Department of health, DW said. They live in Webasto, near Munich in Steinberg County, which supplies auto parts. One of them is an employee of the company, the other is the child of the employee of the company. The first case occurred on 27 January. The disease was found in a Webasto staff member who had previously been in contact with a colleague from China. At present, eight employees of the company and two of their families are infected with the virus. The other two patients were Germans evacuated from Wuhan, China. On February 1, a German military plane took them to Frankfurt on the main river. According to the latest data, 425 people have died of pneumonia caused by coronavirus in China. Belarus has investigated 121 people suspected of contracting Colorado virus, according to Yulia borodon, the information secretary of the Ministry of health. The center for epidemiological and microbiological research examined 74 people, 25 of whom were Chinese citizens, 6 Ukrainian citizens and the rest Belarusian citizens) About Previously, the Ministry of health of Belarus reported that korolavilos 2019 ncov, as the company isolated some cities in China, has not yet arrived in China. Belarusians returning from Shanghai were hospitalized in Minsk infectious diseases hospital and suffered from influenza. According to Vladimir kalanik, a double inspection is planned at Minsk National Airport to identify coronaveros. The preliminary inspection will be on board. Once suspected cases of ODS have been identified, they will continue in a separate facility. Chinese head of state Xi Jinping acknowledged at a special meeting of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party that the spread of the deadly coronal disease has accelerated. It was previously reported that Chinese doctors had identified the symptoms of the new coronavirus. Alexander Lukashenko expressed condolences to his Chinese counterparts.|China, people, company, Chinese, coronavirus, reported, health, citizens, infected, cases, Webasto, employee, disease, previously, virus, Belarus, suspected, Ministry, Minsk, inspection|health,citizens,infected,virus,suspected|airport,state,wuhan,lukashenko,jinping,department,yulia,ods,bureau,health,frankfurt,county,dw,germany,belarusians,party,vladimir,belarusian,minsk,communist,germans,colorado,the,belarus,of,ministry,steinberg,munich,kalanik,bavaria,german,chinese,ukrainian,webasto,china,xi,alexander,political,national,shanghai|1580799540
5e3fa69d7789d687c1b75762|"Yekaterinburg, February 4. /tass/ Anna popova, head of the Russian Federation's Consumer Protection Agency, said in a briefing on Tuesday that there were no ""coronas"" among citizens of Russia, EEA countries and Ukraine who had evacuated from Wuhan, China. Two air and space planes followed the Russians to China. People will be taken to the Qiuming area. According to Tatyana Golikova, Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, 147 people will be transported to Russia, including 10 Belarusian citizens, 3 Kazakh citizens, 1 Armenian citizen and 1 Ukrainian citizen. ""I would like to point out that people with clinical symptoms cannot be removed from Wuhan, and they are invited to board the ship and placed on the ship. Now only people fly to Russia, ""Who has clinical health today,"" popova said. She pointed out that there were children among those sent by China to the Qiuming area. "" The head of Russia's consumer rights and interests protection bureau pointed out: ""children on board are not very young any more. It is important to provide them with comfortable and high-quality accommodation."" She said that the territory of Qiuming rehabilitation center will be guarded by Russian guards, where there will be two weeks for citizens evacuated from China to live. "" Two fences were built in the rehabilitation centre, where guards of the Russian guards were erected. "" About At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, the disease has also been found in 24 countries, including Russia. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 20000. More than 420 people died. Fatal accidents have also occurred outside the people's Republic of China."|China, Russia, people, Russian, citizens, Wuhan, Qiuming, guards, popova, head, Federation, countries, evacuated, area, including, citizen, clinical, board, ship, pointed|citizens,board,Russian,Qiuming,Federation|wuhan,qiuming,popova,russian,yekaterinburg,anna,consumer,health,armenian,republic,world,belarusian,agency,eea,s,russia,of,ukraine,kazakh,tatyana,federation,russians,protection,chinese,golikova,ukrainian,organization,china|1580849848
5e3fa289c7d7d06da7396ec1|"Moscow, February 4 - Russian news agency. The Russians began to export from Wuhan. ""The aircraft of the first sky force took off from the airport of the eastern military region and evacuated Russian citizens from Wuhan City, the People's Republic of China"" -According to the Ministry of defense. It was later learned that the second plane had set sail. Personnel leaving China will be accompanied by military doctors and virologists with advanced diagnostic equipment, personal protective equipment and essential drugs. At the same time, the staff of the Department will also transport citizens from some CIS countries, the Russian ambassador to China said. At the end of December, Chinese authorities reported an outbreak of pneumonia of unknown origin in Wuhan, Hubei Province. A new type of coronavirus-2019-ncov has become the pathogen of the disease. According to the latest data, more than 2060 people have been sick and 427 people have died in the world. In China's most complex case, the virus has infiltrated other countries, including Russia. The World Health Organization recognizes the 2019 - ncov outbreak as an international emergency. The disease is spread by air-water droplets and through dirty hands touching the eyes About The main symptoms are: dry cough, dyspnea, even respiratory failure, temperature rise, weakness. However, in some cases, the disease does not have pneumonia, accompanied by a rare dry cough and hypothermia, but even with mild symptoms, the patient may be infected. Someone else. Last week, the Russian government decided to close part of its border with China in the Far East and restrict its transit with Mongolia, Cancel work visas for Chinese citizens, evacuate Russians from Hubei Province, and suspend all regular Russian Airlines' flights to China, In addition to flights to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong. On February 3, Russian Railways stopped their ties with China."|China, Russian, Wuhan, citizens, disease, February, Russians, military, accompanied, equipment, countries, Chinese, outbreak, pneumonia, Hubei, Province, 2019, ncov, people, symptoms|citizens,ncov,Russian,Russians,disease|people,defense,railways,wuhan,far,russian,city,department,health,beijing,republic,world,airlines,hubei,guangzhou,s,east,kong,russia,of,mongolia,ministry,moscow,hong,russians,chinese,organization,china,shanghai,cis,province|1580807580
5e3fa084c7d7d06da7396e5e|"Moscow, February 5 - Russian news agency. ""The Russian Embassy in Japan continues to keep in touch with Russian citizens on the cruise ship"" Diamond Princess, "", In its comments, the diplomatic mission pointed out that those subject to quarantine due to the spread of the corona should decide to extend the validity of their visas. ""The embassy quickly contacted Russian citizens on the cruise ship."" There are 24 people. The ship is currently in an attack in Yokohama, ""the embassy said in a Facebook report. Work with local authorities to take all possible measures to help the Russian people, including ensuring proper monitoring of health conditions and the provision of food for a period of time. At quarantine office Ten people on board had preliminary tests in coronavirus. Among them are two Australians, three Hong Kong people, a US citizen and a Philippine crew member. A Japanese medical staff took them to the hospital. Diamond princes is quarantined for 14 days and all passengers are prohibited from getting off About According to the Kyodo news agency, on the morning of February 6, the ship docked on the coast of Yokohama, carrying food. Diamond princes launched an attack near Yokohama port on Monday after discovering a passenger carrying a new coronavirus. The ship left Yokohama on January 20 for Kagoshima Hong Kong Okinawa. It was due to return to Yokohama on Monday, but found a passenger, an 80 year old Hong Kong resident, infected with a new type of coronavirus. It is said that he landed in Hong Kong. By Monday, some passengers began to complain of discomfort. Japanese authorities decided to seize the ship and investigate all passengers and crew. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 2400 new infections have occurred in mainland China, 490 of them have died, and another has died in Hong Kong. More than 170 people were ill abroad, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|ship, Russian, people, Yokohama, Hong, Kong, Diamond, authorities, coronavirus, passengers, Monday, February, agency, citizens, cruise, quarantine, due, embassy, attack, food|citizens,quarantine,embassy,Russian,Kong|wuhan,kagoshima,yokohama,russian,health,princess,world,philippine,us,diamond,kyodo,japan,japanese,okinawa,kong,australians,colorado,moscow,hong,chinese,organization,china,facebook|1580900160
5e3e67cdff976e92724b70e4|SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Airlines’ budget carrier Scoot said on Thursday it had suspended its daily flights to China’s Wuhan after authorities locked down the city at the center of a fast-spreading virus outbreak. “Due to the outbreak of a new coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, China, the Chinese authorities have implemented a temporary suspension of all public transportation networks in the city. Consequently, Scoot’s flights between Scoot and Wuhan will be affected,” the airline said in a notice, adding that it was cancelling all flights to Wuhan until at least Jan 26. The airline’s scheduled 6.55 p.m. (1055 GMT) flight to Wuhan had earlier appeared as canceled on the website of Singapore’s Changi airport. China is putting on lockdown the city of 11 million considered the epicenter of an outbreak that has killed 17 and infected nearly 600, as global health authorities prepare against a pandemic. Wuhan’s local government said it would shut down urban transport networks and suspend flights from 10 a.m. (0200 GMT) Thursday, state media reported, adding that authorities were urging residents not to leave, except in special circumstances.|Wuhan, flights, authorities, Scoot, China, city, outbreak, Singapore, Thursday, networks, airline, adding, GMT, SINGAPORE, Reuters, Airlines, budget, carrier, suspended, daily|flights,authorities,suspended,daily,networks|singapore,wuhan,airlines,chinese,scoot,china,changi,s,gmt|1579762680
5e3fa96b7789d687c1b7589c|"Hangzhou, Tsinghua City, China, January 30, 2020. /PRNewswire / - create a better and better life in accordance with our consistent mission "" At this critical time for the world, Sha: 603605) spared no effort to help control and prevent the further spread of the new Colorado virus (2019-ncov). Through its charitable public fund, the company will provide funds and medical supplies to poor areas, totaling 2.2 million US dollars. After the outbreak of coronavirus pneumonia 2019 ncov in Wuhan, proya's co-founder and senior management immediately started working 24 hours a day. ""Work side by side with the staff of Wuhan Red Cross Society."" They were able to identify the actual needs of the affected areas and quickly arrange for medical protection to be provided to the people of Wuhan from European countries. Proya has also set up a charity social foundation with a total amount of 15 million yuan, which is about 2.2 million yuan. The funds of the fund will be used for the purchase of medical supplies, cash subsidies and comprehensive assistance to infected enterprise staff and partners. B. Assistance to victims and their families and other charitable initiatives About The first level of charitable assistance, including 3 million yuan in cash), is about 430000 yuan. As well as a batch of protective masks and other emergency medical supplies with a total amount of 280000 euros), about 2.14 million yuan from the best European manufacturers; Representatives of ""Wuhan Red Cross Society"" and ""Wuhan Charity Federation"" have been transferred to Wuhan Charity Federation to further monitor and prevent the epidemic. The company continues to purchase medical supplies to meet the needs of areas affected by deadly viruses. 2. Establishment of special emergency response unit The expert group on pandemic response will promptly publish information about the spread provided by government agencies. These measures include: measures to prevent and control diseases. Meanwhile, proya will be ready to resume normal work after the spring break. Training includes equipment for local and mobile offices, 3. Organizing videoconference and other working modes according to the provisions of local authorities on epidemic prevention measures; Including indoor disinfection, providing protective mask, etc About The company will closely monitor the situation and provide it to the staff in the quarantine area, Operational information and recommendations on the most effective preventive measures. Urgent adjustment of customer service mode From today on, the working hours of all proya sporting goods stores will be adjusted according to the local conditions. Before the end of the epidemic, we recommend that consumers contact our consultants online and purchase products in proya online store, They will continue to work normally. Our country will continue to provide all necessary assistance to combat the epidemic, strengthen mutual trust and work with health professionals. Team proya has no doubt that we will go through this difficult period together. I mean, proya will never give up her own people's troubles! Contact: Wang Jing（"|Wuhan, proya, medical, million, yuan, supplies, epidemic, measures, prevent, charitable, company, provide, areas, working, staff, purchase, assistance, work, local, control|assistance,staff,purchase,medical,provide|world,603605,wuhan,us,colorado,society,federation,jing,china,city,proya,sha,wang,charity,european,hangzhou,red,tsinghua,cross|1580382000
5e3e6449c1ed9bdff74a3c9e|"China has suspended all public transport, including flights in and out of Wuhan, the epicentre of the coronavirus as the confirmed cases climbed to 571 mostly from the city with 17 deaths so far.  The World Health Organization which held an emergency meeting on Wednesday in Vienna to deal with the global impact of the virus has extended the talks till Thursday to decide on whether the outbreak in China constitutes a Public Health Emergency of International Concern , like Ebola and Swine flu. Such a declaration, if made, will be seen as an urgent call for a coordinated international response in view of fears that millions of Chinese are travelling at home and abroad for the Chinese New Year and Spring Festival holidays starting from January 24. It said its staff in China are closely monitoring the situation. The festival triggers biggest mass migration, clogging road, rail and air networks every year. China's Health Commission which is periodically updating the steps being taken to deal with the virus said on Thursday morning that so far a total of 571 confirmed new coronavirus cases and 17 deaths in Chinese mainland. Majority of these cases are from Wuhan and surrounding areas.  While India has already issued a travel alert, some of the 700 students studying medicine and other courses in around the city still stayed put while majority of them left due to holidays. Seven new cases of Wuhan Coronavirus had been confirmed in Shanghai, the Commission said. Wuhan also suspended bus and subway services in the city and closed outbound travel at train stations and airports from 10am of Jan 23 amid the escalating epidemic of coronavirus, according to a statement released by city authorities early on Thursday. The residents have also been directed to wear masks to ensure that the virus is not spread. ""We must be steadfast and strong to keep the outbreak within Wuhan . We'll urge Hubei province and the city of Wuhan to take the strictest measures for prevention and control,"" Li Bin, vice-minister of the National Health Commission, said on Wednesday. Such measures include intensifying supervision of open-air markets, minimising public activities, taking the strictest measures regarding people with fever and preventing the outbreak from further spreading, he said at a news conference organized by the State Council Information Office. The Wuhan government required all people in public places such as hotels, restaurants, cinemas, parks, shopping centres and public transports to wear masks to prevent the spread of the virus, according to an announcement on Wednesday night. The rule took effect immediately. On Wednesday night, Hubei province with capital Wuhan reported 444 confirmed cases of the new coronavirus in the province alone. The disease further spread across the country as health authorities in Shanxi, Fujian, Gui¬zhou and Hebei provinces, as well as the Ningxia Hui autonomous region, confirmed their first infection cases. Beijing has already reported some cases. Hong Kong and Macau too have reported such cases. ""Human-to-human transmission of the disease has appeared, and the virus is likely to mutate. There are risks of the further spread of the disease,"" Li said, adding the ongoing traffic peak with the upcoming Spring Festival has increased the risk of its spreading, which requires a high state of alert.  China's National Health Commission had received reports of one confirmed case in Japan, one in South Korea and three in Thailand by Tuesday midnight, Li said. In the United States, the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed on Tuesday the first case in the country in Seattle. Gao Fu, head of the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention, said there is no evidence so far showing that a super-spreader, or a highly contagious virus, has emerged . He added that, based on current evidence, the virus originated from wild animals sold at a seafood market in Wuhan. In Hubei, the provincial government early on Wednesday announced that it had activated its emergency public health response mechanism to effectively prevent the spread of the virus. Local authorities will strictly control the number of outbound activities such as conferences, tours and visits, and large gatherings are banned. Measures will also be taken to prevent the spread of the virus through public transport, and prevent sources of it from entering schools, according to the announcement. Wuhan authorities announced that all local tourism agencies, including their branches outside the city, will suspend business and will not organize tours until February 8. All tours scheduled to start after January 30 will be cancelled. The city government has also called for residents not to leave Wuhan and outsiders not to enter the city if there's no particular need, to reduce the risk of the virus spreading further."|Wuhan, virus, cases, city, confirmed, public, spread, China, Health, Wednesday, coronavirus, Chinese, Commission, authorities, prevent, Thursday, outbreak, Hubei, province, measures|province,virus,authorities,confirmed,public|commission,state,wuhan,hui,thailand,centres,disease,gui,office,health,ll,beijing,information,world,india,united,seattle,emergency,coronavirus,hubei,li,fujian,bin,and,japan,prevention,year,council,vienna,festival,international,s,for,kong,concern,we,gao,of,ebola,fu,centre,new,south,korea,ningxia,macau,hong,zhou,organization,chinese,china,states,spring,shanxi,national,control,hebei,shanghai,public|1579748280
5e421ac8b6765899417a2aa0|"Some cruise ship passengers savoured lavish meals; others watched movies or were glued to the live Academy Awards broadcast. The lucky few whose turn it was to get fresh air paced the decks, revelling in a glimpse of blue sky. Nearly a week into quarantine on the Diamond Princess, tied up at the quay in Yokohama, boredom warred with anxiety as the hours ticked by and 66 more people tested positive for coronavirus, bringing the total cases on the ship to 136. Health authorities have said the quarantine will stretch to Feb. 19 unless something unexpected happens, meaning deliverance is still more than a week away for the nearly 3,700 crew and passengers, ranging in age from children to octogenarians. For some, the quarantine could be even longer. A World Health Organization statement on Sunday said the period could be extended ""as appropriate"" for close contacts of newly confirmed cases. Many passengers appear to be trying to put on a brave face, flooding social media with photos of food, a young boy and his father snuggling in bed, and shipboard TV broadcasts of a magician - also under quarantine - performing tricks with red silk scarves. ""Princess stepping up its game with food service,"" wrote passenger Matthew Smith under a photo of plates of food - including heaps of smoked salmon and large pieces of chocolate cake. ""You might have to drag me off the ship when the quarantine ends."" Others watched the Oscars, which were broadcast live on Monday morning. Informal ballots were distributed to passengers beforehand, which one person hailed as ""Important Mail Delivery!!!"" A 43-year-old Hong Kong resident quarantined with his wife, child and other family members did the same. He declined to give his name. ""We were rooting for 'Parasite',"" he told Reuters, referring to the South Korean film that took Best Picture and two other awards. ""We are doing origami; the ship is making instructional videos. We are doing some exercise."" Getting off the ship was a relief, even for some who left for the hospital. ""We are in a much more pleasant setting than we were on the ship,"" said Clyde Smith, 80, from his hospital room in western Tokyo, where he was evacuated after he and his wife tested positive. ""We're doing great, and right now I am looking at Mt. Fuji"" from the window of the hospital room, said his wife Renee, also 80. BIGGEST REGRETS The biggest regrets for the couple, from Atlanta in the United States: having to leave their grandsons, 25 and 23, in the cabin they had shared on the ship, not bringing more changes of clothes and being stuck with Japanese hospital fare. ""I would really love a Big Mac and french fries,"" Renee said. ""I'm getting tired of miso soup."" The Smiths say they aren't worried about their health, as they've shown no symptoms, despite having the coronavirus. ""We've had a good life, if things don't work to our advantage on this one - so we feel good about life in general,"" Clyde said. Asked if this experience would put the two retirees - who have visited all seven continents - from further travels, Renee declared, ""Oh, heavens no. This is a little bump in the road."" Back onboard the Diamond Princess, small groups are allowed out on deck every other day but must wear masks and stay well away from other people. ""We're out in the bay, docked, so it's kind of nice,"" passenger Adam Waltz said in a video showing him and a companion walking briskly under Monday's blue sky, sun flashing off the ocean. But others were less sanguine. One passenger, with the Twitter name Da, said he or she had talked to younger passengers worried about financial repercussions, such as losing jobs, due to the enforced time off. More confessed to unease later on Monday. ""There's going to be a shipboard announcement, but I can see ambulances and trucks lining up,"" Da wrote. ""Now we're just waiting for more news from the Health Ministry."" Cruise ship officials said they would expand the entertainment on offer to help passengers pass the time."|ship, passengers, quarantine, hospital, Princess, Health, food, passenger, Monday, wife, Renee, watched, live, broadcast, blue, sky, Diamond, people, tested, positive|wife,quarantine,blue,Renee,watched|clyde,oscars,parasite,korean,adam,yokohama,health,matthew,picture,princess,twitter,awards,academy,world,i,united,m,diamond,waltz,reuters,atlanta,japanese,smiths,tokyo,s,kong,best,da,renee,monday,ministry,big,south,hong,organization,smith,mt,fuji,mac,states|1581364200
5e3fba2b8b626a2f83fcac4c|On February 5, an Il-76 military transport plane carrying Chinese humanitarian supplies took off from machulish airport near Minsk. There are about 20 tons of medical supplies on board to help patients with coronavirus 2019 ncov and organize prevention activities. Assistance was raised at the request of China. Flights to Beijing will be refuelled twice - Novosibirsk and Vladivostok. There are always more than 8300 kilometers to go. The flight will be renewed for 20 hours. Cui Ziming, Chinese ambassador to Belarus, arrived at the airport. Accompanied by Igor borotov, Deputy Minister of emergency. This is the second humanitarian aid flight on the Minsk Beijing route. The first arrival in China was January 31. Assistance was provided in accordance with the personal instructions of the president of Belarus.  Mil.by and 112.by photos|Chinese, humanitarian, supplies, airport, Minsk, 20, Assistance, China, Beijing, flight, Belarus, February, Il, 76, military, transport, plane, carrying, machulish, tons|tons,plane,airport,Beijing,machulish|76,borotov,il,chinese,ziming,china,novosibirsk,belarus,minsk,vladivostok,igor,cui,beijing|1580914380
5e3f9eddc7d7d06da7396ddf|"Yekaterinburg, Russian news agency 6. The Qiuming area was chosen as the quarantine area for evacuating citizens from China, because it is the most mature area in the area, State governor Alexander Moore announced Thursday in response to questions from residents of the area. Earlier, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikov told reporters that Russia and other countries want to leave citizens in Wuhan and Hubei Province of China, Quarantine will be carried out in Qiuming area. On Wednesday, two planes carrying citizens evacuated from China arrived in Qiuming. People are isolated in the urban construction center of ""autumn light"". When the president of the country decided to withdraw our citizens from China, the federal command had entered many areas of Russia. I know that no region has refused to provide such assistance. All regions have analyzed various factors, and Qiuming region is the most potential region. According to the assessment, the sole purpose of these factors is to ensure the living safety of the evacuated citizens, and the most important is to ensure the safety of the residents in the area, Mor said where the evacuation took place. "" He added that the sanatorium for evacuees from China was originally built as a tuberculosis sanatorium. About However, the authorities had to take some additional measures to prepare for the reception of citizens. The governor also noted that in making the decision, an assessment of the readiness of the professional staff was made, This may be a short-term collection and operation at quarantine and risk. ""It's a decision, we implemented it,"" regional leaders concluded. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 28000 infections in China, 563 of which have died."|area, citizens, China, Qiuming, region, Russian, quarantine, governor, residents, Russia, Wuhan, Hubei, Province, evacuated, factors, assessment, ensure, safety, sanatorium, authorities|citizens,quarantine,Russian,Qiuming,area|tatyana,russia,wuhan,qiuming,colorado,mor,hubei,chinese,china,russian,yekaterinburg,alexander,golikov,quarantine,moore|1580998740
5e40ce69c0fe4e1400def3ca|"Because of the new Coronavirus, the Art Basel Hong Kong, one of Asia's most renowned art fairs, has been cancelled. It should be with around 240 exhibitors of the 19. to 21. In March. Several factors, all of which were a consequence of the spread of the Coronavirus, led to the decision, the organiser MCH Group reported. This included concern for the health and safety of workers at the fair and of visitors. The ""great logistical challenges"" also played a role in the transportation of the artworks and in the construction of the fair. In addition, there are increasing difficulties in international travel. ""The decision to cancel Art Basel Hong Kong was very difficult for us,"" said Bernd Stadlwieser, CEO of the MCH Group, according to the communication. ""We have examined all possible options, including a postponement of the fair, as well as advice and perspectives from many galleries, partners and external experts. The next edition of the Art Basel in Hong Kong will be published on the 25th. to 27. March 2021. The ""Art Basel Hong Kong"" was created 2013. It is the Asia edition of Art Basel, the most important art fair in the world. Another branch of the North American market is located in Miami Beach. For Hong Kong 241 galleries had been selected, half of them from Asia and the Asia-Pacific region, the trade fair had announced last October. Major galleries from Europe and the USA were also announced. Last year the Art Basel in Hong Kong had visitors according to trade fair figures 88.000. (dpa)"|Art, Basel, Hong, Kong, fair, Asia, galleries, Coronavirus, art, March, decision, MCH, Group, visitors, edition, trade, announced, renowned, fairs, cancelled|art,MCH,Group,Kong,announced|kong,europe,group,coronavirus,stadlwieser,basel,american,north,asia,mch,usa,pacific,bernd,miami,art,s,hong,beach|1581030000
5e3e66daff976e92724b7060|BEIJING (Reuters) - The death from coronavirus of a Chinese doctor who had been reprimanded for issuing an early warning about the disease triggered a wave of public mourning on Friday and rare expressions of anger against the government online. Li Wenliang, an ophthalmologist at a hospital in Wuhan, the city at the epicentre of the outbreak, became one of the most visible figures in the crisis after he revealed he was one of eight people reproached by Wuhan police last month for “spreading rumours” about the coronavirus. News of Li’s death at age 34 became the top-read topic on China’s microblogging site Weibo on Friday, with over 1.5 billion views, and was also heavily discussed in private WeChat messaging groups, where people expressed outrage and sadness. There were also signs that discussions of his death were being censored, especially ones that blamed the government. Topics tagged “the Wuhan government owes Doctor Li Wenliang an apology” and “we want free speech” briefly trended on Weibo late on Thursday, but yielded no search results on Friday. A selfie of him lying on a hospital bed earlier this week wearing an oxygen respirator and holding up his Chinese identification card was being shared widely. Li said on Weibo on Feb. 1 that he had tested positive for the coronavirus. Reuters has been unable to reach Li’s family. “Light a candle and pay tribute to the hero,” said one Weibo commentator. “You were the beam of light in the night.” An image also posted on Weibo showed a message, “farewell Li Wenliang”, carved into the snow on a riverbank in Beijing. Li’s case is a tricky one for China’s leadership after Beijing was accused of covering up the full extent of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) outbreak in 2003. Beijing has called for transparency in the current crisis, and local officials have come in for public blame over their handling of the coronavirus outbreak . “Wuhan indeed owes Li Wenliang an apology. Wuhan and Hubei officials also owe a solemn apology to the people of Hubei and this country,” Hu Xijin, the editor of the ruling Communist Party-backed Global Times tabloid, said in a Weibo post. Reports of Li’s death surfaced on state media before midnight local time on Thursday in China, were removed, and then reappeared early on Friday. The Wuhan hospital where Li worked said on its Weibo account that he died at 2:58 a.m. local time on Friday. China’s Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, which punishes official corruption, said on Friday it would send investigators to Wuhan to probe “issues raised by the people in connection with Dr. Li Wenliang.” It gave no further details. “The CCDI has now sent an investigation team to carry out a full probe in response to public concerns and to allow people to look forward to the revealing of the full truth,” the official People’s Daily wrote in an editorial. At a news conference in Wuhan on Friday, the city’s vice mayor Hu Yabo said he was “deeply grieved” at the death of Li Wenliang and others who have been killed by the virus, and would fully cooperate with the investigation. The World Health Organization said on Twitter that it was “deeply saddened” by news of his death, while China’s National Health Commission and the Wuhan government also issued statements of condolence. Some Chinese media outlets described him as a “hero who was willing to speak the truth”, while other commentators posted poems, photos and drawings saluting him. On WeChat, some users posted links to the song from Les Miserables’, “Do You Hear the People Sing?”, which was sung during protest movements in Hong Kong and South Korea. Some people organised an online petition to the State Council making demands such as punishing local Wuhan officials. China has reported more than 630 deaths and 30,000 cases of the coronavirus.|Li, Wuhan, Friday, Weibo, death, Wenliang, people, China, coronavirus, government, local, Chinese, public, hospital, outbreak, apology, posted, Beijing, full, officials|death,apology,Wenliang,posted,government|commission,people,state,wuhan,severe,health,inspection,twitter,sars,beijing,discipline,world,wenliang,li,hubei,party,miserables,communist,reuters,weibo,council,s,for,kong,times,wechat,respiratory,ccdi,acute,sing,xijin,global,south,les,korea,hong,central,chinese,organization,china,daily,yabo,national,syndrome,backed,hu|1581088320
5e3fabdf7789d687c1b7597f|"Beijing, January 26. /tass/ The Chinese government will help the U.S. Consulate General to evacuate the new Colorado City, which is popular in Wuhan. China's official foreign ministry spokesman Hua Chunying pointed out this in a statement released Sunday. At present, the US side has proposed to bring the staff of the US Consulate General back to Wuhan. According to international practice, China will take necessary measures to provide assistance and assistance in accordance with the epidemic prevention rules. "" Reuters previously reported that the State Council had announced plans to repatriate the staff of Wuhan consulate general. In addition to diplomats, the agency is also preparing to export a limited number of compatriots from China. On January 28, China's special plane will arrive in San Francisco. Wuhan has actually been isolated since January 23. Airports, ferries, subways, public transport, railway and road stations were temporarily closed, and roads to other parts of the country were closed. Epidemic situation According to the latest data, the number of new coronavirus pneumonia cases confirmed in China on Sunday reached 2002 About According to the information released by the District Health Committee, the death toll is 56. It is suspected that 2700 people are infected with coronavirus. It is estimated that 10 million people die of malaria every year, but their diagnosis has not yet been confirmed. More than half of the cases (1052 cases) occurred in Hubei Province, which is the original origin of the disease. Then there are 104 in Zhejiang Province, 98 in Guangdong Province and 83 in Henan Province. Cases of new type pneumonia have been recorded in almost all regions of the country, including 51 cases in Beijing and 40 cases in Shanghai. Arab corona has also been found in Australia, France, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Thailand, the United States and Vietnam. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization (who) on December 31 that an unknown type of pneumonia had broken out in Wuhan, a large commercial and industrial center with a population of more than 11 million. Human beings. The pathogen of the disease - Colorado virus 2019-ncov-7 January. Who recognizes that China's national emergency has broken out, but so far no international emergency has been declared."|China, Wuhan, cases, January, Province, pneumonia, Beijing, Chinese, Consulate, General, Colorado, released, Sunday, staff, international, assistance, number, closed, country, coronavirus|country,General,assistance,pneumonia,international|zhejiang,state,wuhan,thailand,city,guangdong,malaysia,nepal,health,epidemic,australia,beijing,vietnam,france,republic,world,singapore,united,francisco,us,hubei,chunying,japan,general,hua,reuters,council,u,s,consulate,colorado,arab,henan,of,san,korea,98,committee,chinese,organization,china,district,states,shanghai,province|1580035817
5e4147edb727ac2cbdeceab3|On a visit to Portuguese companies participating in Fruit Logistica Berlin this week, the most important exhibition in the fruit and vegetable sector, Agriculture Minister Maria do Sky Albuquerque, admitted that the coronavirus could benefit exports from countries trying to enter Asian markets, as is the case with Portugal.|visit, Portuguese, companies, participating, Fruit, Logistica, Berlin, important, exhibition, fruit, vegetable, sector, Agriculture, Minister, Maria, Sky, Albuquerque, admitted, coronavirus, benefit|Berlin,visit,Fruit,benefit,admitted|berlin,fruit,do,sky,portuguese,albuquerque,portugal,logistica,maria,asian|1580920132
5e3fba4b8b626a2f83fcac4d|"Today, Russian aerospace forces have evacuated more than 140 people from Hubei Province, where the 2019 ncov new corona incident occurred. An airborne defense system aircraft has landed successfully in Qiuming, and another is still in flight. According to military sources, m24.ru, evacuees were as follows: Previously, it was reported that, according to the data of China's National Health Commission, the number of victims of 2019-ncov coronal water has risen to 493, and it is believed that the number of patients has exceeded 24500. Human beings. So far, 906 people have overcome the disease. During his visit to dobushi, Alexander Lukashenko pointed out that Belarus does not intend to close down China and suggested that journalists ""do not scare people"". How many viruses do we already have. Stop talking and work quietly."|people, 2019, ncov, China, number, Russian, aerospace, forces, evacuated, 140, Hubei, Province, corona, incident, occurred, airborne, defense, system, aircraft, landed|occurred,ncov,Russian,incident,140|commission,qiuming,hubei,lukashenko,russian,china,alexander,health,belarus,national,s,province|1580890560
5e3e6553a6201cadba7c8136|"A suspected case of coronavirus has been identified in Bihar's Chapra area. A girl who recently visited China has returned to Bihar with symptoms similar to the coronavirus that has already killed 80 people in China. The girl is being rushed to the Patna Medical College and Hospital for further tests to see if she has been infected by coronavirus. ""A girl from Chapra, who recently returned from China, was admitted to ICU at a hospital in Chapra after she showed symptoms similar to that of coronavirus. Now she is on the way to Patna, she'll be admitted at PMCH,"" said Vimal Karak, superintendent, PMCH. He added, ""After she reaches PMCH, her blood sample will be sent to National Institute of Virology in Pune for tests and then treatment will be provided as per reports. We are prepared for such a suspected case of coronavirus."" In Jaipur, a man in his 20s has been admitted to the SMS Hospital for suspected coronavirus infection, Medical Superintendent Dr DS Meena confirmed on Sunday. The patient pursued a medical degree in China but had come to Jaipur for a postgraduation course. His exact age could not be immediately ascertained. Health Minister Raghu Sharma has directed health officials to keep the patient in an isolation ward and get his family screened too, it was learnt. Directions have also been issued to send the samples collected from the patient to Pune's National Virology Laboratory. Sharma said 18 people had come from China to four districts of Rajasthan and officials had been directed to keep them under observation for 28 days. (With IANS inputs)"|coronavirus, China, suspected, Chapra, girl, admitted, PMCH, patient, case, Bihar, recently, returned, symptoms, similar, people, Patna, Medical, Hospital, tests, National|girl,suspected,admitted,patient,recently|jaipur,meena,icu,pune,and,sharma,raghu,s,bihar,institute,sms,hospital,rajasthan,of,medical,vimal,karak,virology,china,chapra,patna,national,ds,college|1580102280
5e414bea7e27cd38d1b1eec7|"Financial panic returned to the financial markets in January. The'blame'was an unexpected health crisis, a'black swan' that arose in China with the Wuhan coronavirus that turned into a global emergency. The effect of this shock was felt on stock exchanges which were overrun by a red tide, on the public debt market where anomalies and raw material markets became worse, with a sharp drop in maritime freight and price trends. After the world-wide fellowships had won an annual 29%in 2019, in full euphoria, the global stock exchange index lost 1% in January, with a more marked drop of 2.5% in the last week of the month. This external shock was outside geopolitical and geoeconomic risk predictions, which had been much more attenuated since the ""first phase"" agreement between Washington and Beijing which waged the escalation in the trade war between the two superpowers and after Boris Johnson's victory in the British elections had secured a Brexit the 31 of January agreed with Brussels. Bill Bishop, editor of Sinocism newsletter, predicts that, even in an optimistic scenario, normality in the Chinese economy and in its relations with the world should not return before April. Although the World Health Organisation has given China a vote of confidence in fighting the coronavirus, the risk of spreading a quarantine climate of China itself by increasing numbers of countries will make markets more nervous. The contagion of the negative effects in China in the first quarter of the year, where the provinces and metropolises under quarantine represent 50%of Chinese GDP, may spread not only to Asian neighbours but also to other economies more dependent on the Chinese market Yeah. The main negative impact was on the pockets of emerging economies, whose global index fell 4.7% in January, highlighting the sinking of the indices in Hungary, South Africa, the Philippines, Thailand, Chile, Brazil and Poland, with falls above 5%. Although China was at the epicenter of the health crisis, the Chinese scholarships fell less because they had been closed since the 23 of January due to the Chinese New Year holidays, and were spared the panic of the last week of January. The squares of the euro area retreated 3,2%, with the Austrian Vienna Stock Exchange leading the falls, with a loss of more than six%. Lisbon escaped the red tide, with in January a 0,73% gain. Other small European fellowships have also risen, such as those in the Baltic countries, Denmark, Slovenia and Finland. Although the last week of January has broken more than 2% in Wall Street and 1,8% in Nasdaq (the technology exchange), the global index for the United States managed to escape red in January by a black fingernail went up 0,07%. On the public debt market, interest on US bonds in the very short term is higher than that paid to ten years and, in the euro area, Germany and the Netherlands have been back at negative rates up to 25-year-old, which has not been the case since October. These'anomalies'mean that in the United States, investors demand higher remuneration to buy debt at a 30-day and a three-six-month period than ten-year-old bonds, and that investors in the single European currency are willing to'pay' to the States to acquire securities, which they consider to be a refuge, whose time limits may extend to 25 years. Another sign of the race to refuge values was the rise of four% of the price of gold since the beginning of the year. In the precise metals, palladium shot 16% in the same period Yeah. Even in the case of Portugal, whose debt has low investment rating (outside financial waste ratings, but of a lower average grade), negative market interest now extends to the 7-year bond deadline and 10-year rates have fallen by the end of the month to 0,2%, a minimum since November. What this indicates is that the Portuguese Treasury will be able to continue to finance itself in historic minima, with the cost of issuing new securities falling to 1.1% in 2019. On the raw material and product markets, the shock of the coronavirus was felt with great intensity because China was the world's largest exporter (ahead of Germany) and the second largest importer (after the US) in the world and was at the heart of major global supply chains. The shipping freight index of raw materials, known as Baltic Dry, has fallen to the MIP of April 2016 and has receded 55% since the beginning of the year. Raw material prices fell in January on average 8%, according to the Reuters CRB index. The coffee was the commodity with the highest price drop in the order of 21%. The oil also suffered a shock, with the price of the barrel of Brent (reference in Europe) to be lost 14% during the month- only in the last week of January fell 6.5%. If the oil price remains on a slanted plane, the OPEC cartel together with Russia can anticipate the regular March meeting by February. Copper, which is seen by many analysts as a good indicator of conjuncture, and whose price is linked by an umbilical cord to the health of the Chinese economy, has fallen from 6% during the last week and 10% in January."|January, year, China, price, Chinese, global, index, markets, shock, debt, market, world, month, negative, fell, health, coronavirus, red, raw, material|health,shock,markets,debt,red|africa,philippines,wuhan,thailand,crb,portuguese,wall,health,portugal,beijing,boris,anomalies,world,germany,united,bill,us,brexit,lisbon,washington,bishop,slovenia,dry,mip,brent,reuters,year,vienna,street,s,finland,brussels,poland,british,hungary,austrian,russia,the,opec,copper,chile,sinocism,exchange,south,johnson,new,european,mean,asian,stock,baltic,chinese,netherlands,china,organisation,states,these,brazil,denmark,nasdaq,europe,treasury,31|1580554846
5e3e651fa6201cadba7c803f|"Thermal screening of passengers for possible exposure to the deadly novel coronavirus (nCoV) infection will be extended to 20 airports from the existing seven, said Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Tuesday and confirmed no case has been detected in India so far. Vardhan said the government has made four more laboratories functional other than NIV-Pune for testing samples and it will be extended to 10 labs in the coming days. ""Four labs of @ICMRDELHI 's Viral Research & Diagnostics Lab Network (at Alleppey, Bengaluru, Hyderabad & Mumbai) activated for testing samples. This is in addition to @icmr_niv, Pune,"" tweeted the Health Ministry. ""Like in 2014, because of our alertness we prevented Ebola from entering the country, we are making all efforts and taking all possible measures to ensure there are no cases of nCoV here,"" Vardhan said. At present thermal screening is done at seven designated airports New Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Kochi. Around 35, 000 passengers have been screened at these airports so far, Vardhan said. He said samples of 20 persons which have been tested for nCoV so far have all resulted negative. The Centre has stepped up vigil in areas bordering Nepal in view of a confirmed case of nCoV detected there, he said. He also said the MEA is in touch with the Chinese government to bring back Indian citizens. Vardhan said he has also written to all chief ministers, requesting them for personal intervention to review the states' preparedness for control and management of the spread of the virus. The health minister has urged the passengers who have a travel history to China since January 1, 2020, to come forward for self-reporting to the nearest health facility if they experience any symptoms such as fever, cough, respiratory distress, etc., and also inform their treating doctor . Three persons with a travel history to China have been kept under observation at an isolation ward of RML Hospital here for possible exposure to novel coronavirus, officials said. The Prime Minister's Office on Saturday reviewed India's preparedness to deal with any situation amid mounting global concerns over rising cases in China. A 24x7 NCDC Call Centre (+91-11-23978046) has been made operational to monitor the list of contacts furnished by the Ministry of External Affairs, provide details of district and state surveillance officers to those who seek them, and in case of any clinical query, direct the concerned to the relevant Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme (IDSP) officer. On Friday, the Health Ministry also issued a fresh advisory asking the passengers to follow certain dos and don'ts if they are in China or if they are travelling or returning from China. The advisory stated that during their stay in China, if they feel sick and have fever and cough, then they should cover their mouth while coughing and sneezing, seek medical attention promptly and report to the Indian Embassy in China. It said if they feel sick on flight, while travelling back to India from China, they should inform the airline crew about their illness, seek mask and self-reporting format from the airline crew, avoid close contact with family members or fellow travellers and follow other directions of crew and airport health officer."|China, Vardhan, passengers, nCoV, airports, Health, case, India, samples, Ministry, health, seek, crew, screening, exposure, coronavirus, extended, 20, Minister, confirmed|Vardhan,health,crew,airports,exposure|idsp,mumbai,disease,delhi,affairs,nepal,office,health,call,hyderabad,vardhan,viral,kolkata,network,india,pune,programme,external,prime,s,icmrdelhi,hospital,kochi,minister,of,research,alleppey,bengaluru,ministry,ebola,new,centre,lab,indian,rml,harsh,diagnostics,integrated,chinese,chennai,ncov,mea,china,surveillance,ncdc,niv|1580174400
5e3d5e191f53a1d159682e6d|"TOKIO.-The organizing committee of the Games Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic athletes and assured fans that there will be ""absolutely no"" cancellation of the Games due to the outbreak of coronavirus. The entity created a working group to address the spread of the new disease. Headed by the CEO, Toshiro Muto, the group held a first meeting on the need for cooperation with organizations such as the central government and the Tokyo Metropolitan and the International Olympic Committee on the outbreak of the virus. Also plans to discuss concrete measures to ensure the safety of athletes and spectators in the run-up to the torch relay starting in March and test events. Muto said there is no problem in hosting the Games. His committee will closely monitor the situation and take all necessary measures. Meanwhile, organizers said Tokyo countermeasures focus on key areas such as prevention of infection within the committee itself to organizing preparations are not hindered. They will also prevent and respond to possible contagion of the best athletes in the world during the games. Last month, the International Olympic Committee announced that it has partnered with the World Health Organization (WHO) to monitor the disease and reviewing countermeasures to help Tokyo 2020 plans to organize a safe event. Olympic Games will be held in Tokyo from July 24 to August 9 and the Paralympics on August 25 to September 6 and many fear for their realization due to the outbreak of coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan. (PL)"|Tokyo, Games, Olympic, committee, athletes, outbreak, organizing, due, coronavirus, group, disease, Muto, held, International, Committee, plans, measures, monitor, countermeasures, August|International,countermeasures,Muto,committee,Committee|world,metropolitan,games,who,the,committee,organization,chinese,wuhan,toshiro,olympic,health,muto,paralympics,paralympic,tokio,international,tokyo,ceo|1581008576
5e3e9c2476c6e08a821bd19f|"According to the Central News Agency's report today, Xi Jinping stressed that he was personally responsible for the supreme responsibility of Wuhan pneumonia. After the outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, Chinese President Xi Jinping said publicly on the 28 day of the epidemic that he had been personally conducting and deploying himself in the prevention and control of pneumonia in Wuhan. Chinese national media CCTV App reported last night that when Chinese President Xi Jinping met with WHO (WHO) secretary general Tan Adhanom (Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus), he stressed that in the prevention and control of the new coronavirus epidemic situation, ""I have personally commanded and personally deployed"". According to Xi Jinping, the Chinese people are fighting a serious struggle against the epidemic. The safety and health of the people are always the first priority. Epidemic prevention and control is the most important work at present. He also said that as long as we have firm confidence, work together in the same boat, make scientific prevention and control, and make precise measures, we will definitely overcome the epidemic. Central News Agency said that after the outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, Xi Jinping made the third public speech on the epidemic. At the beginning of the outbreak, even though confirmed or suspected cases have emerged in neighboring countries, China has no other reports except for Wuhan. It was not until January 20th that Xi Jinping first opened up the epidemic. He said that great importance must be attached to the epidemic situation, the large-scale and intensive flow of people during the Spring Festival and the prevention and control of the epidemic. Party committees, governments and relevant departments at all levels are required to ""put people's life safety and physical health first"", do a good job in prevention and control, timely release epidemic information, strengthen public opinion guidance, and resolutely maintain overall social stability. Since then, there has been a surge in the number of confirmed cases reported from all over the country. On the 25 day, Xi Jinping held a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC on the first day of the lunar new year. He admitted in the meeting that the epidemic was in a ""serious situation of accelerating the spread. We must strengthen the centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee"" and announced the establishment of a leading group for epidemic work in the meeting. However, the leader of the CPC Central Committee to tackle the new type of coronavirus infection pneumonia leading group is not headed by Xi Jinping, but is Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council of China. This attracted comments from the outside world such as ""throwing the pot"" and ""insufficient hierarchy"". According to the report, when looking back at SARS in 2003, Wu Yi, then Vice Premier of the State Council, was the leader of the ""national leading group for the prevention and control of SARS"" 。 In contrast, Li Keqiang served as the leader of the prime minister, and the level was not low; and Xi Jinping's ""personal command and personal deployment"" speech also seemed to emphasize that he had the highest power and responsibility in the epidemic prevention and control."|epidemic, Xi, Jinping, prevention, control, Central, Wuhan, pneumonia, personally, Chinese, people, Committee, outbreak, day, situation, work, meeting, leading, group, leader|situation,day,Committee,Jinping,pneumonia|yi,state,wuhan,ghebreyesus,jinping,adhanom,bureau,app,sars,party,li,council,wu,agency,festival,who,s,cpc,standing,the,tan,keqiang,cctv,of,central,committee,chinese,news,china,xi,spring,political,tedros|1580293680
5e3fa8957789d687c1b7583e|February 1, Hanoi. /tass/ Vietnam confirmed the sixth new case of coronavirus infection. This was announced on Saturday at the people's Committee of Qinghua Province, where the first two new cases of pneumonia in Vietnam were recorded on January 23. Caused by 2019 ncov virus. A 25-year-old local hotel employee confirmed the coronavirus infection and contacted the first Chinese father and son found to be infected in Vietnam. At present, the patients were treated in Tsinghua tropical disease hospital, and their condition did not cause doctors' concern. The 28 year old Chinese citizen, the first of two patients with the new type of pneumonia, has fully recovered. His 66 year old father is also recovering, but is still under the supervision of doctors at the choreI hospital in Ho Chi Minh City. Three other cases of coronavirus infection were confirmed on January 30. All three were Vietnamese citizens recently returned from Wuhan, China, where the 2019 ncov virus broke out. Two of them are being treated at thanha central provincial hospital and the other at Hanoi hospital in the Dongan area. All three doctors are stable.|hospital, Vietnam, confirmed, coronavirus, infection, year, doctors, Hanoi, cases, pneumonia, January, 2019, ncov, virus, Chinese, father, patients, treated, February, tass|Hanoi,ncov,virus,pneumonia,Vietnam|minh,wuhan,tass,committee,chinese,ho,city,china,dongan,of,vietnamese,province,chi,tsinghua,vietnam,qinghua,hanoi|1580568701
5e3faa2cc7d7d06da7396f7f|Moscow, 2 February / Sputnik radio. A Chinese citizen who was hospitalized in the post Baikal border area was placed in a separate medical box on suspicion of coronavirus; Sergei jurchuk, chief physician of Frontier infection hospital, announced. He pointed out that the patient's condition was rated satisfactory and that he received the necessary treatment. The 23 square meter box is equipped according to the health standard, and has a separate ventilation system, which operates automatically. He stressed that his wife and children have the same conditions, because they have contact with people who may infect Chinese citizens, so they are also isolated in a boxing ring. Earlier, radio Sputnik reported that a man suspected of being in hospital for coronavirus contacted the press about his health and complained about his treatment. Join our TV channel.|Sputnik, radio, Chinese, separate, box, coronavirus, hospital, treatment, health, Moscow, February, citizen, hospitalized, post, Baikal, border, area, medical, suspicion, Sergei|health,hospitalized,area,Sergei,Moscow|baikal,sergei,chinese,frontier,jurchuk,radio,moscow,sputnik|1580650980
5e40f6f78b3ade896662c6e3|SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian airlines face “drastic” cuts in their planned growth because of the coronavirus crisis, an industry group warned, adding gloom to an already depleted Singapore Airshow as more companies scaled back plans on Monday. The Singapore Airshow from Feb. 11 to 16 is proceeding, but the exhibition center is pockmarked with empty spaces that would have held displays from Chinese companies and others skipping the show because of the epidemic, which has killed more than 900 people. More than 70 exhibitors, including major U.S. defense firms Lockheed Martin Corp and Raytheon Co have pulled out over concerns related to the new coronavirus. Few deals are expected at the biennial event, where the epidemic has triggered new safety measures and cast a shadow over airline profits and demand for airplanes. Before the coronavirus hit, the International Air Transport Association had expected passenger numbers to rise by 4% in 2020 and cargo traffic to be 2% higher. “All bets are off in terms of traffic forecasts for this year,” Andrew Herdman, the director general of the Association for Asia Pacific Airlines, said in an interview. “If you look at the schedule cuts and the actual operations they have been cut by 50%, 60%, 70% within China. It is pretty drastic,” he said. The Pentagon reduced the size of its delegation to the air show, which had been set to include its chief weapons buyer, U.S. Undersecretary of Defense Ellen Lord, Reuters reported on Friday. Singapore on Friday raised its alert level for the coronavirus outbreak to orange, the same level reached during the 2003 Severe Acute Respiratory System (SARS) pandemic, sparking panic buying at supermarkets across the island. There are 43 confirmed cases of coronavirus in Singapore . The orange alert level advises organizers to cancel or defer non-essential large-scale events and recommends precautions such as temperature screening and more frequent cleaning of common areas for those that do proceed. Health experts, however, said they were concerned that temperature screening might not be effective, given reports the coronavirus could be spread by people without symptoms. “Temperature screening is okay to pick up people already sick - and those people should not be coming to the show anyway - but doesn’t pick up people incubating the virus,” said John McBride, an infectious disease physician and professor at Australia’s James Cook University. SIA Engineering Company Ltd and GE Aviation on Monday said they had postponed plans to hold a groundbreaking ceremony for a new engine overhaul facility in Singapore on Tuesday until further notice because of the raised alert level. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Military Industries withdrew from the show late Sunday, citing concerns associated with the coronavirus. The air show’s organizers said on Sunday they were expecting more than 930 companies from 45 countries and 45,000 trade attendees - down from the 54,000 at the last show in 2018. They also plan to limit public attendance. The lobbies of major hotels, usually bustling with attendees, were noticeably quiet. A spokeswoman for the organizers on Monday declined to provide an update on numbers and why the air show was going ahead when many smaller associated events and briefings were being canceled over coronavirus concerns. Cancelling the show would lead to refunds running into the tens of millions of dollars, a source at one of the exhibitors told Reuters on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. Organiser Experia Events, partly owned by ST Engineering and government agencies, charges at least S$1,550 per square meter for space in the show’s exhibition hall, according to its website . That would equate to more than S$3 million  ($2.16 million) for ST Engineering’s booth, the show’s largest at more than 2,000 square meters. ST Engineering is majority owned by Singapore state investor Temasek Holdings. Experia Events managing director Leck Chet Lam on Sunday said he could not comment on the financial terms of a cancellation. “That is between us and the exhibitor,” he told reporters.|show, coronavirus, Singapore, people, level, Engineering, Reuters, companies, Monday, concerns, air, alert, organizers, screening, Sunday, 000, ST, drastic, cuts, Airshow|Engineering,alert,level,screening,Reuters|ltd,severe,ge,aviation,cook,events,lockheed,leck,sars,australia,singapore,martin,airlines,company,sia,transport,general,reuters,lord,international,u,s,pentagon,for,airshow,lam,respiratory,raytheon,acute,military,industries,herdman,association,experia,holdings,asian,andrew,john,chinese,corp,engineering,mcbride,china,system,asia,authority,chet,ellen,pacific,james,temasek,air,arabia,st,co,saudi|1581357120
5e40ce67c0fe4e1400def3c2|There could be checks with fever measurements at highways, rest stops or provincial borders and on roads, but roads should not be simply blocked, the official news agency Xinhua quoted from the statement. (dpa)|roads, checks, fever, measurements, highways, rest, stops, provincial, borders, simply, blocked, official, agency, Xinhua, quoted, statement, dpa|stops,provincial,checks,quoted,agency|xinhua|1580338800
5e3f9f1cc7d7d06da7396df0|Moscow, Russian news agency February 7. On Friday, the head office of Russia's action against Colorado virus will discuss the high price of some drug pharmacy networks and raise the issue of possible revoking of pharmacy licenses. In particular, Russian Deputy Prime Minister tatijana Golikov announced Thursday that the federal antitrust agency should propose measures to solve the problem. It will also receive reports from the Russian health supervision bureau and the Ministry of industry and trade on industrial demand for consumption, This is personal protection currently available. At last Friday's press conference National authorities have asked pharmacies and drug manufacturers not to take advantage of new coronavirus infections in the world and not to overestimate the prices of drugs and drugs Personal protection. At a meeting of the gorikov government on Wednesday, it was revealed that some pharmacies increased the price of facial masks from 1 ruble 50 Gobi to 70-100 rubles. Russia's Health Supervision Bureau has opened a hotline for residents, and every citizen can report the high price to the hotline. About Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Russia's medical network is quite broad, Therefore, the closure of two or three facilities with rising prices will not have an adverse impact on the provision of medicines by citizens. He also stressed the need to respond to that situation. Later, the president of the State Duma, Viacheslav volodyna, announced that he had entrusted the Duma health protection, supervision and Management Committee, And economic policy analysis pharmacists reported more prices of antiviral drugs and facial masks. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. According to who data, as of February 6, the total number of people suffering from new coronavirus in the world was 28293. Among them, 28068 people were ill and 564 died in China. Another 225 people in 24 countries were ill and one died. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. The first two cases belonging to coronavirus have been found in Russia's post Baikal border region and in the state of Qiuming.|Russian, Russia, price, protection, coronavirus, prices, drugs, people, agency, February, Friday, Colorado, virus, high, drug, pharmacy, announced, health, supervision, authorities|health,virus,Russian,announced,agency|putin,state,wuhan,qiuming,russian,bureau,health,tatijana,golikov,duma,industry,hubei,vladimir,volodyna,s,viacheslav,russia,colorado,of,ministry,moscow,supervision,baikal,friday,chinese,china,gorikov|1581041940
5e3fa9677789d687c1b7589a|Tass, 31 January. Mongolia closed all border crossings with China until March 2, Reuters reported on Friday. According to the news agency, the Mongolian government will prohibit its citizens from going to China, while the Chinese will prohibit them from entering China. Foreigners passing through China are also not allowed to enter Mongolia. It has been previously reported that due to the outbreak of a new coronavirus in China, Mongolian authorities suspended the work of some public institutions before March 2. As a result, kindergartens, schools and universities, libraries, cinemas, gymnasiums and Internet cafes were closed.|China, Mongolia, closed, March, reported, Mongolian, prohibit, Tass, 31, January, border, crossings, Reuters, Friday, agency, government, citizens, Chinese, entering, Foreigners|citizens,Tass,agency,government,crossings|internet,tass,chinese,china,mongolia,reuters,mongolian|1580478684
5e41551dcae8370994363c9a|"The Airbus A320 plant in Tianjin near Beijing was closed indefinitely due to the health crisis caused by the coronavirus, today announced the European aeronautical group. ""The country and international travel restrictions pose logistical challenges. The Tianjin final assembly site is currently closed"", said an Airbus spokesman. Tianjin facilities ""were already closed for Chinese New Year celebrations and reopening was delayed"" due to the spread of the coronavirus, said the spokesman. ""Airbus is closely monitoring the development of the coronavirus situation and is implementing the recommendations of the World Health Organisation (WHO)"", according to the European aircraft manufacturer, which claims to be affected ""globally"". ""Airbus China is following the Chinese Government's requests by teleworking, which the group is facilitating with computer equipment, s o that officials from all sites, including Tianjin, do not need to travel"", reads the statement. In addition to Tianjin's final assembly line, Airbus has two others in Toulouse for the construction of A320 (A319, A320 and A321) airplanes and will install a third in 2021. The group also has final assembly lines of this A320 family in northern Germany, Hamburg (four), and in the southern United States, Mobile (one). The production capacity of the Tianjin plant should reach six aircraft per month at the end of 2019, according to Airbus. The factory is also expected to produce interior accessories and become a delivery center for A350 widbody customers in 2021. Airbus delivered 863 aircraft to 2019, the largest number in history, including 642 of the A320 family. Yeah. At least 490 people with the new coronavirus 2019-nCoV died in mainland China (excluding Hong Kong and Macao), most of them in Wuhan and Hubei provinces, according to an official report released today. MC// CSJ Lusa/End"|Airbus, Tianjin, A320, coronavirus, closed, group, final, assembly, aircraft, 2019, plant, due, European, travel, spokesman, Chinese, China, including, 2021, family|2021,final,travel,Airbus,family|hamburg,wuhan,airbus,health,beijing,tianjin,world,germany,united,hubei,year,mobile,who,government,s,kong,macao,a320,european,new,hong,chinese,toulouse,organisation,china,states|1580917260
5e3e9aaf76c6e08a821bd0ea|"On its website, the German government warned Germans not to travel to Hubei, the epicenter of the epidemic. Germany's foreign ministry also issued a travel warning on Tuesday. According to the German times weekly, the German government is ready to withdraw overseas Chinese from Hubei. A transport plane from the Bundeswehr air force is on standby. But which city will fly to China? How many uninfected Germans will be evacuated? Specific actions need to be discussed with China. On Tuesday evening, the city's Ministry of health confirmed that another suspected patient had appeared in Berlin, and officials seriously suspected that the woman had Wuhan pneumonia, n-tv reported. The inspection results will be available within 24 hours. On Saturday, Bild reported that there was a suspected patient in Berlin, but Sunday's examination showed that the patient only had a common cold. N-tv also reported that the condition of the infected people in Bazhou had improved. Clemens wendtner, chief physician at Schwabing hospital who treated the patient, said: ""the patient has no fever and no symptoms of respiratory infection."" Doctors are almost certain that the patient's life is no longer in danger. When a Chinese female colleague came to Bazhou for vocational training, she passed on Wuhan pneumonia to her colleague. The female colleague was found to have Wuhan pneumonia after feeling unwell during her flight back to China. 40 colleagues and family members of Webasto auto parts manufacturing company who have contact with Chinese female colleagues are currently under observation and asked not to leave their houses. Experts estimate that the number of people infected in Bazhou may increase. But the German government says it is ready to fight the coronavirus. The risk of Wuhan pneumonia spreading in Germany is small. German Health Minister Stephen Spang warned people not to panic."|patient, German, Wuhan, pneumonia, government, Chinese, China, suspected, reported, people, Bazhou, female, colleague, warned, Germans, travel, Hubei, Germany, Tuesday, ready|Bazhou,pneumonia,patient,government,suspected|wuhan,bundeswehr,schwabing,health,spang,sunday,stephen,germany,berlin,hubei,germans,s,bazhou,bild,of,ministry,german,saturday,chinese,webasto,china,clemens|1580255100
5e3fba225e40789c25090a3c|February 8, Minsk / Korr Bleaching powder 722 people died and 2050 recovered from the 2019 ncov virus infection in China, according to TASS, citing the China National Health Care Commission. According to the committee, there are 31774 cases of pneumonia in various regions of China, of which 6101 are severe. There were 34546 confirmed infections and 27657 suspected of new coronavirus. According to reports, Chinese authorities informed who on December 31 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan. Chinese doctors found Colorado virus 2019 ncov on January 7. All cases suspected of new pneumonia were tested. Who recognizes that the outbreak in China is an international emergency. Coronavirus is a family of more than 30 viruses, initially discovered in 1965. Coronavirus attacks humans, pets.|China, pneumonia, 2019, ncov, virus, cases, suspected, Chinese, outbreak, Coronavirus, February, Minsk, Korr, Bleaching, powder, 722, people, died, 2050, recovered|722,virus,ncov,Korr,pneumonia|commission,wuhan,tass,colorado,chinese,coronavirus,china,minsk,health,national,care|1581147900
5e414bee7e27cd38d1b1eecf|"This Tuesday the European Commission activated the European Civil Protection Mechanism in the face of the coronavirus outbreak that has already killed more than a hundred people in China and any Member State can benefit from this, but the Portuguese Government remains unannounced whether it intends to do so despite requests from Portuguese residents in Wuhan, epicenter of the epidemic of the new virus, to be removed ""as soon as possible"" from the country. Questioned by the Express several times, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has not clarified whether or not to activate the European mechanism, But a source from the Portuguese Secretariat of State has clarified that ""the process of repatriation of national citizens is being prepared in coordination between the Member States of the European Union"". France, on the contrary, has already announced that it will even use this mechanism to withdraw its citizens from China. It was at the request of China, moreover, that it was activated. ""As the outbreak intensifies, the European Civil Protection Mechanism was activated after a request from France,"" the European Commission's Humanitarian Aid Service reported on Twitter, adding that two aircraft will be sent to Wuhan between Wednesday and Friday, in order to transport back to their French 250 and other European citizens whose countries so request, ""regardless of nationality"". The mechanism is used in natural disasters and other urgent situations and its activation enables European countries to have logistical and financial support from the European Union. It has already been activated on numerous occasions, notably in the context of the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, the refugee crisis in Greece, in 2016, and more recently during the forest fires that devastated Chile in 2017 Yeah. Although it is known that Portugal has considered following the example of France, no decision has been taken yet and about the 20 Portuguese living in Wuhan has only been said, in a communique sent by the Portuguese embassy in Beijing to their e-mail addresses, that ""every step"" has been initiated to withdraw them by air. (The possibility of taking them by land to Shanghai in eastern China, and from there to Portugal, but without any concrete effects), resorted to ""a chartered civilian aircraft that will land in the city and from there will proceed directly to Portugal"". According to the embassy,'this is the plan that is being considered in Lisbon', and Beijing has already begun to ask for'the proper permits'to go ahead with the withdrawal of Portuguese citizens. Several of these Portuguese told the Express that they do not have any information about the date of departure or about the transport to Portugal and what is supposed to happen on arrival, where they will be taken, if necessary, home, to the hospital. Grace Freitas, Director General of Health, said that the Portuguese residents of Wuhan ""will come to Portugal as any other asymptomatic passenger"". Upon arrival in Portugal, ""and as they com e from the epicentre of the disease"", a ""small medical history, that is, an epidemiological inquiry, will be carried out to find out if they have been in contact with patients"" infected with the new coronavirus or if they have been in contact with animals. Depending on ""initial risk, surveillance may be passive or active"". ""They can be sent home, we can ask to be isolated in the rooms and we can also call several times a day Yeah. If we notice that they have hardly left the house in the last four days, had no contact with patients and live animals, there is a very low risk and are subject to very low surveillance measures,""the Director-General said, comparing monitoring to monitoring with other patients. ""First you make the diagnosis and then a therapeutic plan."" If there are symptoms thereafter, Portuguese citizens should contact the health authorities recommended by the DGS and indicate if they have had contact with other people and may be advised not to leave the house. Grace Freitas further explained that there will be ""different health protocols"" if Portuguese residents in Wuhan ""are already sick in the Chinese city or show symptoms on board"". ""They can board there without signs, symptoms and develop the signs and symptoms on board. There is also a protocol for this,""he said, clarifying that it will be up to the commander of the plane to alert the Portuguese authorities to this. According to the latest assessment of the Chinese authorities, 106 people have already died due to the coronavirus outbreak and more than four.000 are infected. The Wuhan region, where the first case was detected, was quarantined but this did not isolate the problem. In addition to mainland China, cases of infection have been reported in Macao, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Japan, South Korea, the United States, Singapore, Vietnam, Nepal, Malaysia, France, Germany (where three new cases have since been confirmed), Australia and Canada."|Portuguese, European, Wuhan, Portugal, China, citizens, contact, activated, France, symptoms, coronavirus, outbreak, people, residents, mechanism, request, patients, authorities, board, Commission|citizens,board,Commission,authorities,patients|commission,taiwan,state,wuhan,thailand,portuguese,affairs,service,nepal,freitas,malaysia,portugal,health,twitter,vietnam,australia,beijing,greece,france,singapore,united,germany,grace,lisbon,japan,union,s,kong,the,macao,civil,aid,chile,of,dgs,ministry,humanitarian,european,south,express,haiti,korea,hong,protection,french,foreign,chinese,canada,china,states,shanghai,mechanism,member|1580250321
5e3fb9ea8b626a2f83fcac48|"According to U.S. media reports, a U.S. citizen died in Colorado 2019 ncov. According to the New York Times, the dead man was 60 years old. At the time of infection, he was at the center of the epidemic in Wuhan, China. China's National Health Commission reported that as of 0:00 on February 8, 34921 people had the disease. The virus killed 724 people. Disposed of 2207 shares. On February 6, it was reported that Dr. Li Wenliang, who died in China and was one of the first doctors to call the police at the end of last year, told his colleagues about the impending disaster. Just at the end of January, Chinese head of state Xi Jinping acknowledged at a special meeting of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party that Russia's deadly threat was spreading faster. Previously, the Ministry of health of Belarus reported that korolavilos 2019 ncov, as the company isolated some cities in China, has not yet arrived in China. According to Vladimir kalanik, a double inspection is planned at Minsk National Airport to identify coronaveros. The preliminary inspection will be on board. Once suspected cases of ODS have been identified, they will continue in a separate facility. During his visit to dobushi, Alexander Lukashenko pointed out that Belarus does not intend to close down China and suggested that journalists ""do not scare people"". How many viruses do we already have. About Stop talking and work quietly."|China, reported, people, died, 2019, ncov, National, February, end, Belarus, inspection, media, reports, citizen, Colorado, York, dead, man, 60, years|ncov,end,media,60,reported|commission,airport,wuhan,lukashenko,jinping,bureau,ods,health,york,wenliang,li,party,vladimir,minsk,communist,u,s,times,russia,colorado,the,belarus,of,ministry,new,kalanik,chinese,china,xi,alexander,political,national|1581152340
5e3e654ea6201cadba7c8109|"The second Air India special flight, that has been sent to Wuhan city in Huawei province of China to evacuate Indian nationals from the epicentre of the deadly coronavirus, is also carrying seven Maldivian citizens. Maldives's Foreign Minister Abdulla Rashid said on Sunday that the Air India special flight is carrying 323 Indians and seven Maldivian nationals. This is the second Air India flight that has been sent to China to rescue Indian nationals stranded in Wuhan city of Huawei province, the epicentre of the deadly coronavirus. Maldives's Foreign Minister Abdulla Shahid expressed his gratitude to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for helping the seven Maldivian nationals get out of China amid the coronavirus scare. The Maldivian nationals will be housed in Delhi for some days, according to Foriegn Minister Abdulla Shahid. The Maldivian foreign minister termed India's help as ""an action that reflects historic ties of kinship between the two countries and synergy between the Neighbourhood First and India First policy"". ""7 Maldivians along with 323 Indians are being evacuated to #Delhi from #Wuhan by a special @airindiain AI flight. An action that reflects historic ties of kinship between us, &, synergy between #NeighbourhoodFirst & #IndiaFirst policies. @MEAIndia @MoFAmv @EOIBeijing @PMOIndia,"" Shahid said in another tweet. Abdulla Shahid also thanked the Chinese authorities for their assistance. ""Grateful to @MFA_China, @AmbassadorZhang and local authorities in #Hubei for the assistance. A very special thanks to our Ambassador in China Ms Azeema and Ambassador in Delhi @aishamdidi and their team. Thank everyone at @MoFAmv for the hard work,"" Shahid said."|India, China, nationals, Maldivian, Shahid, special, flight, Minister, Abdulla, Air, Wuhan, coronavirus, Delhi, city, Huawei, province, Indian, epicentre, deadly, carrying|province,Shahid,special,Indian,nationals|shahid,wuhan,delhi,eoibeijing,pmoindia,narendra,abdulla,neighbourhood,india,modi,rashid,hubei,maldivians,ambassadorzhang,s,indiafirst,maldives,mfa,neighbourhoodfirst,first,maldivian,meaindia,indian,azeema,chinese,indians,china,huawei,mofamv,aishamdidi,air|1580595120
5e43fb125f23719b6c6f6435|Feb 11 (Reuters) - Future Bright Holdings Ltd: * TEMPORARY CLOSURE OF RESTAURANTS AND SHOPS IN MACAU AND MAINLAND CHINA  DUE TO RECENT OUTBREAK OF WUHAN CORONAVIRUS INFECTION * DUE TO RECENT OUTBREAK GROUP TO TEMPORARILY CLOSE ITS RESTAURANTS AND SHOPS IN MACAU AND MAINLAND CHINA UNTIL AROUND 19 FEB Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:|RESTAURANTS, SHOPS, MACAU, MAINLAND, CHINA, DUE, RECENT, OUTBREAK, Feb, 11, Reuters, Future, Bright, Holdings, TEMPORARY, CLOSURE, WUHAN, CORONAVIRUS, INFECTION, GROUP|GROUP,CHINA,TEMPORARY,CORONAVIRUS,SHOPS|ltd,wuhan,china,mainland,future,holdings,bright,macau,eikon|1581433860
5e3e9a8276c6e08a821bd084|We contacted Mr. Gao Fei, a netizen in Qichun County, Hubei Province, by phone, and asked him to witness the epidemic situation in a small city in Hubei Province, more than 100 kilometers away from Wuhan. According to reports, Gao Fei himself works in Guangdong all the year round. When he first saw the epidemic in Wuhan, Hubei Province on the Internet, he quickly returned to his hometown to try to protect his family and avoid infection with the virus. At the same time, he also sent messages on Weibo and twitter in time, because he believed that disclosure of the truth was the first step of private self-help. However, his Weibo account has now Blocked, can only tweet. In order to release local information to the outside world, he plays the role of civil citizen journalist. When most residents stay at home, he insists on going to the hospital, the government against the epidemic department and the Red Cross to understand the development of the epidemic, because he believes that it is necessary to understand the truth of the epidemic first, so as to truly and effectively protect his family. We have connected Gao Fei on this phone. Please listen to the current situation: Faguang: Hello, Mr. Gao Fei. Thank you very much for providing Faguang with the first line of valuable information. Can you tell me something about Qichun? Gao Fei: Qichun is a small county. At present, most people are trapped at home. There are very few pedestrians on the street. On Tuesday morning, in order to spread information to the outside world, I came to the county on foot from the village. Along the way, the shops on the street are open normally, and the supply of general materials is basically guaranteed. Except for the drugstore, all masks and disinfectants are out of stock. The county hospital is sparsely populated, with a few patients in addition to the underwear infectious department. Medical staff use disposable masks and protective clothing. There is a local rumor that more than 10 medical staff in a small local hospital are all infected with the virus because of the lack of high-quality prevention tools. We have no idea how many people are infected in Qichun. Local suspected cases have been sent to Huanggang or Wuhan for diagnosis and treatment. According to the local medical staff, the number of people infected with the virus must be approved by the superior before it can be disclosed. It is not how many people are infected, but how many are approved by the superior. When I was in the hospital, I witnessed a teenage child who had no sign of life when he was sent to the hospital. His family said that he was still very good when watching TV the first night, and that he was asked to have breakfast the next morning before he found out that his life was in danger. Doctors don't know if they should send him to Wuhan to confirm whether he is infected with the virus, but police suggest that he should be sent to the crematorium to be cremated in order to avoid the infection 。 I don't know what decision I made in the end. FA Guang: what is the most urgent need for local response to the virus? Gao Fei: what we need most at present is the masks and protective devices to prevent the virus. The medical staff in the hospital use disposable masks and protective clothing, which is a joke on their lives. Qichun local government sent armed police armed with guns to buy masks in the nearby factory with cash. However, the factory said that even if you kill me, you can't deliver them. At present, there is a lack of protective materials in China, and we are doing our best to protect ourselves. Under such circumstances, we can only ask for help from overseas. Now the most desperate thing is that Chinese officials are not willing to accept overseas assistance, which is really outrageous.|Gao, Fei, virus, local, hospital, Qichun, epidemic, masks, infected, Wuhan, people, staff, protective, Hubei, Province, small, protect, family, order, information|virus,Gao,infected,order,protect|fei,wuhan,internet,huanggang,hubei,fa,guang,chinese,gao,guangdong,faguang,china,weibo,blocked,county,red,cross,province,qichun|1580317200
5e3fbcad8b626a2f83fcac74|"Health Minister Vladimir kalanik told reporters at a press conference in Minsk on January 28 that Belarus had not found any cases of Colorado virus 2019 ncov.   In addition to kalanik, his deputy director of health, Natalia Zhukov, the Deputy Minister of sports and tourism, Mikhail portno, the deputy director of the economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific, and the Deputy Minister of health Professor Igor Karpov, head of Department of infectious diseases, Belarusian National Medical University Kalanik said a double inspection is planned at Minsk's National Airport To determine the legitimacy of coronaverus. The preliminary inspection will be on board. Once suspected cases of ODS have been identified, they will continue in a separate facility. In addition, laboratory controls will be set up at airports in the next few days, the health minister said. If the virus is suspected, it can be delivered directly to the airport for oral smear analysis, ""kalanik said. All contacts with patients from China will also be tested. The results will be ready in 4-12 hours. According to the Minister of health, the list of Chinese students and other nationals on leave is being adjusted. About Previously, the Ministry of health has said that Belarus does not need to take emergency measures against the spread of the new coronaveros 2019-ncov worldwide. At the airport, all passengers meet with thermometers, which makes it more vigilant to identify passengers with signs of overheating and infection. At the health station. On January 24, Irina greenskaya, deputy general doctor of epidemiology of the center for health, epidemiology and public health of the Republic, announced at a press conference, Independent observation will be organized to focus on students from China studying in Belarus. In this regard, the Ministry of health cooperates with the Ministry of education, the Ministry of sports and the Ministry of tourism and other institutions. According to the Ministry of education, the number of Chinese students in Belarusian universities has nearly quadrupled in the past three years to 4000. ""We speculate that these students are at greater risk,"" said epidemiologists. -Work in this area has begun. When these students return to school after their holidays, They will have 14 days of medical observation), the longest incubation period is bellapan. If symptoms appear, all necessary measures will be taken. "" About Previously, the Ministry of health also reported that 2019 ncov, Colorado, has not yet arrived in Belarus due to the company's isolation of some cities in China. Belarusians returning from Shanghai were hospitalized in Minsk infectious diseases hospital and suffered from influenza. Chinese head of state Xi Jinping acknowledged at a special meeting of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party that the spread of the deadly coronal disease has accelerated. It was previously reported that Chinese doctors had identified the symptoms of the new coronavirus. So far, 100 deaths have been officially confirmed."|health, Ministry, students, Minister, Belarus, Chinese, kalanik, Minsk, 2019, ncov, deputy, China, press, conference, January, cases, Colorado, virus, addition, director|health,deputy,ncov,virus,addition|commission,airport,jinping,ods,bureau,university,health,irina,social,republic,belarusians,party,vladimir,mikhail,belarusian,minsk,communist,sports,s,for,zhukov,greenskaya,education,colorado,the,karpov,belarus,igor,of,ministry,medical,kalanik,tourism,chinese,china,asia,xi,political,pacific,national,shanghai,natalia|1580211060
5e40f6f08b3ade896662c6d6|TOKYO (Reuters) - Testing aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan has found 60 more confirmed cases of coronavirus, local media reported on Monday. That takes the number of coronavirus cases on the ship docked in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, to 130, according to domestic broadcasters TBS and NHK, citing Japanese health ministry sources. The health ministry’s communication office had no information on the report when contacted by Reuters. The Diamond Princess was placed on a two-week quarantine on arriving at Yokohama on Feb. 3 after a man who disembarked in Hong Kong was diagnosed with the virus. About 3,700 people are aboard the ship, which usually has a crew of 1,100 and a passenger capacity of 2,670. Passengers have been allowed on decks in shifts to get fresh air and encouraged to regularly take their temperature. The health ministry is separating infection counts on the ship from those discovered within Japan. The disease has killed 908 people, predominantly in mainland China, and infected more than 40,000.|ship, health, ministry, Reuters, aboard, Diamond, Princess, Japan, cases, coronavirus, Yokohama, people, TOKYO, Testing, cruise, found, 60, confirmed, local, media|health,Japan,found,Testing,60|kong,diamond,yokohama,china,japan,reuters,japanese,princess,tbs,nhk,tokyo,hong|1581357360
5e3e9acf76c6e08a821bd129|This year, China's central government allocated 60.33 billion yuan in subsidies for public health services and epidemic prevention and control, Reuters reported today. China's Ministry of Finance and the national health and Health Committee announced on Monday that according to the central leading group on coping with pneumonia caused by new coronavirus infection, the central government should arrange basic public health services and grassroots epidemic prevention and control grants 60 billion 330 million yuan in order to strengthen the funding for grassroots epidemic prevention and control, improve the ability to prevent and control epidemic diseases and prevent the spread and spread to rural areas and urban communities. According to the announcement, the latest subsidy for basic public health services and grassroots epidemic prevention and control in 2020 was 9.95 billion yuan, which was 50.38 billion yuan earlier. Reuters quoted that the Ministry of Finance and the national health and Health Commission also requested that the new subsidy funds implemented in 2020 be fully implemented in rural and urban communities, mainly for coping with the prevention and control of pneumonia caused by new coronavirus infection, and no place or department may arbitrarily intercept, occupy, divert or alter the use of funds. According to the announcement of the general office of the State Council of China, it is necessary to strengthen the prevention and control of pneumonia in order to strengthen the new coronavirus infection, effectively reduce the number of people gathered, block the spread of the epidemic situation, better protect the safety and health of the people, extend the spring Festival holiday in 2020 to February 2nd (the 9th day of the first month of the Chinese lunar calendar, Sunday) and work normally on February 3rd (Monday). The Reuters said that the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held a meeting on Saturday to listen to the report on the prevention and control of pneumonia caused by the new coronavirus infection and study the epidemic prevention and control work. The meeting decided to set up a leading group to deal with the epidemic situation, and will send a steering group to the serious epidemic areas such as Hubei to promote the relevant areas to comprehensively strengthen the front-line prevention and control work.|control, epidemic, prevention, health, billion, yuan, pneumonia, coronavirus, infection, strengthen, China, central, public, services, Reuters, Committee, group, caused, grassroots, spread|health,central,strengthen,pneumonia,Committee|commission,cpc,finance,state,standing,the,committee,chinese,central,hubei,china,bureau,of,health,reuters,political,ministry,council,festival,s|1580119860
5e3e6443c1ed9bdff74a3c85|Battling the fast spreading coronavirus, China on Friday said that it is building a 1,000-bed hospital for patients infected with the deadly virus that has claimed 26 lives so far with confirmed cases rising sharply to over 880, prompting authorities to shut down 13 cities during the country's most important holiday.  Dampening the celebrations of the Lunar New Year, China, in an unprecedented move, has shut down transportation in at least 13 cities -- Wuhan and 12 of its neighbours -- in central China's Hubei province to contain the coronavirus. According to the National Health Commission, 26 people have died so far with over 880 confirmed cases being treated mostly in Hubei province. Twenty nine provinces have reported the cases. China's biggest city Shanghai raised the emergency response of public health safety to level 1, the highest, following Beijing, and Hubei, Hunan, Zhejiang, Anhui, and Guangdong provinces as more cases were reported. Beijing so far reported 34 confirmed cases of coronavirus infection, official media reported. The Chinese disease prevention authority on Friday released pictures and information of the first Wuhan Coronavirus that Chinese experts had discovered. The Wuhan local government is rushing to build a 1,000-bedded hospital in the outskirts of Wuhan to treat coronavirus patients. Dozens of excavators were feverishly working at the site where the hospital will be built on the 25000 sq metres just about 10 days' time. It will be put into use by February 3, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. Workers are being paid 1,200 yuan (USD 173) per day, three times their usual wage, to accelerate the construction. The hospital will be modelled on the one built in Beijing for the treatment and control of SARS or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, that spread rapidly on the Chinese mainland in 2003, killing over 800 people . During that time Beijing had built the Xiaotangshan Hospital, a temporary medical centre in the northern suburb of the city. China has also deployed its military medics to help civilian doctors. As the unknown virus wreaking havoc, Chinese and American researchers are working together to develop a vaccine against the deadly new strain of coronavirus, Hong Kong based South China Morning Post reported. The collaboration is taking place amid a growing international debate about whether it came from snakes or bats. At present, there is no cure for the virus which has pneumonia-like symptoms and is contagious among humans. The World Health Organisation on Thursday stopped short of declaring the virus a global public health emergency, despite China's climbing death toll. The virus has spread to Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Vietnam and the United States as of Thursday. Japan on Friday reported a second confirmed case. Wuhan, the city of 11 million people, is where the virus is believed to have first emerged. The victims' average age is 73, with 89 being the oldest and 48 youngest. Hubei authorities have suspended operations at local travel agencies and ordered all schools to postpone the start of spring semester classes, said People's Daily, the official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party of China. China's finance ministry on Thursday announced the allocation of one billion yuan (USD 144 million) to be used by Hubei authorities to halt the spread of the illness, the report said. The Indian Embassy in Beijing has cancelled the January 26th Republic Day ceremony citing the coronavirus outbreak in China as well as the decision of the Chinese authorities to cancel public gathering and events. The Wuhan lockdown is a cause of concern for Indian students who are still there. The city and surroundings have about 700 Indian students, majority of them studying medicine . However, most of the students have apparently left for home for the holidays. As concerns grew over their safety, the Indian embassy on Thursday opened helplines and established contacts with the Chinese officials concerned to ensure food and other supplies to those who remained in the city. In a new disclosure, Chinese officials on Thursday confirmed fresh cases of coronavirus in people who did not even travel to Wuhan recently. The National Health Commission also reported increasing the number of cases with no exposure to Wuhan's Hunan seafood wholesale market, which is believed to be related to most of the infected cases. The cases without confirmed exposure to the market have been found overseas. The virus, which a doctor in Wuhan told BBC is spreading at an alarming rate, has dampened the Chinese New Year celebrations beginning Friday. Chinese all over the world formally bid goodbye to the year of the pig on Friday and would welcome the year of rat on Saturday. The Chinese government has given week long holidays. Chinese lunar calendar, years are grouped into a 12-year cycle, with each year is assigned an animal symbol: rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, rooster, dog and pig. In view of the virus scare, several cities, including Beijing, have cancelled special events. The festival is also known as the Spring Festival. Large cultural activities during the spring festival in Beijing such as temple fairs were cancelled to prevent the spread of the virus.|Chinese, China, virus, cases, Wuhan, reported, coronavirus, Beijing, confirmed, Friday, Hubei, city, Thursday, hospital, authorities, people, spread, Indian, year, cities|virus,authorities,Indian,Beijing,confirmed|commission,zhejiang,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,people,guangdong,severe,health,sars,vietnam,beijing,republic,world,hunan,singapore,united,coronavirus,party,hubei,japan,communist,year,morning,xinhua,festival,s,kong,respiratory,lunar,hospital,acute,xiaotangshan,american,of,anhui,day,new,south,korea,macau,indian,hong,chinese,china,post,organisation,states,daily,spring,national,syndrome,shanghai,bbc|1579877760
5e4a8fc0f6963609bf9887e7|Feb 17 (Reuters) - Kuala Lumpur Kepong Bhd: * YEAR AGO QTRLY REVENUE 4.09 BILLION RGT; YEAR AGO QTRLY PROFIT 250.9 MILLION RGT * OLEOCHEMICAL DIVISION’S PERFORMANCE WILL BE CHALLENGING FOR FY 2020 DUE TO KEEN COMPETITION & HIGHER RAW MATERIAL COSTS * EXPECTS PROFIT TO IMPROVE FOR FY2020, SUBJECT TO UNCERTAINTIES ARISING FROM GLOBAL OUTBREAK OF COVID-19 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:|YEAR, AGO, QTRLY, RGT, PROFIT, Feb, 17, Reuters, Kuala, Lumpur, Kepong, Bhd, REVENUE, 4.09, BILLION, 250.9, MILLION, OLEOCHEMICAL, DIVISION, PERFORMANCE|YEAR,MILLION,Kepong,17,BILLION|kuala,lumpur,eikon,kepong,bhd|1581933120
5e3fbc458b626a2f83fcac6f|In a week and a half, two hospitals of 1000 beds and 1300 beds will be built from scratch. The construction of the first korolavilus Hoo hospital began on January 24. Work is scheduled to begin on 3 February, with 1000 seats. Timelapse video showing the 4th day of constructing Huoshenshan Hospital，a new facility providing 700 to 1000 beds for the Room coronavirus patients in”.Wuhan. The hospital is expected to complete on Feb 2. pic.twitter.com/tmdovxtd1o -People's daily, China, January 27, 2020 The second hospital will be on February 5. The programme will provide 1300 seats. Construction of the hospital began on 27 January.|hospital, 1000, beds, January, 1300, began, February, seats, 27, half, hospitals, built, scratch, construction, korolavilus, Hoo, 24, Work, scheduled, begin|27,beds,Hoo,1300,hospitals|a,huoshenshan,hospital|1580241180
5e3f9e7dc7d7d06da7396dc0|"Moscow, 6 February / Sputnik radio. Li Wenliang, a doctor in Wuhan, China, died of coronavirus infection The compensation commission was the first to warn of the possibility of disease outbreaks and to be accused of disseminating false information, written by ""argumenti. Ru"" citing material in the global times. As we all know, Li Wenliang used to work in Wuhan Central Hospital. Doctors wrote an article on January 11 about their coughing and the heat of social networking. In a new publication on February 1, doctors reported that he had been confirmed to have the coronavirus. He is 34 years old. According to reports, seven cases of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) were confirmed in the seafood market of huang'anhai, and Li Wenliang sent them to his colleagues on December 30. At that time, doctors did not know that the new strain of coronavirus had become the pathogen. Soon, Li's post spread all over China's social networks and was declared a virus because of fears that SARS would return. The next day, Li and seven other doctors reported the spread of the epidemic. They all called the police. They were warned not to make false statements that could seriously disrupt public order. At the end of December, Chinese authorities reported an outbreak of pneumonia of unknown origin in Hubei Province About The new type of coronavirus 2019 ncov has become the pathogen of the disease. According to the latest data, the number of people infected worldwide has exceeded 28000, with 563 deaths. Last week, the Russian government decided to close part of its border with China in the Far East, cancel work visas for Chinese citizens and withdraw from Hubei Russians there have suspended regular Russian Airlines Flights to China, except for flights to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong. Earlier, radio Sputnik reported that Chinese scientists had described who was more vulnerable to attack than Colorado. Join our TV channel."|Li, China, coronavirus, reported, Wenliang, doctors, Chinese, February, Sputnik, radio, Wuhan, disease, false, work, social, confirmed, SARS, December, pathogen, spread|Wenliang,false,disease,pathogen,doctors|wuhan,far,russian,soon,sars,beijing,huang,airlines,wenliang,li,hubei,guangzhou,s,sputnik,east,kong,hospital,colorado,moscow,hong,central,russians,chinese,china,anhai,shanghai,province|1581011220
5e3e6439c1ed9bdff74a3c64|Market benchmark Sensex tumbled 285 points on Thursday, weighed by heavy selling in Reliance Industries, HDFC Bank and Infosys as January derivatives contracts expired. After swinging over 550 points during the day, the 30-share BSE index settled 284.84 points, or 0.69 per cent, lower at 40,913.82. It hit an intra-day low of 40,829.91 and a high of 41,380.14. Likewise, the broader NSE Nifty closed 93.70 points, or 0.77 per cent, down at 12,035.80. Reliance Industries was the biggest loser in the Sensex pack, falling 2.62 per cent, followed by Nestle India, IndusInd Bank, UltraTech Cement, M&M and SBI. On the other hand, Bajaj Auto, PowerGrid, ICICI Bank, Asian Paints, NTPC, HDFC, L&T and Maruti ended with gains. According to analysts, benchmark indices turned highly volatile ahead of the expiry of January futures and options (F&O) contracts. During afternoon session, markets continued to trade lower led by selling in large-cap stocks which added to the already skittish sentiment ahead of the Budget, they said. Further, weakness in other Asian bourses as rising concerns over the impact of China's coronavirus on the world economy also affected domestic market, traders said. Bourses in Hong Kong, Japan and South Korea ended with steep losses. Bourses in China remained closed. Brent crude oil futures fell 1.63 per cent to $57.97 per barrel.|points, cent, Bank, benchmark, Sensex, selling, Reliance, Industries, HDFC, January, contracts, day, lower, 40, closed, Asian, ended, ahead, futures, China|day,40,futures,Asian,HDFC|bajaj,l,nifty,t,auto,hdfc,india,bank,m,sensex,japan,brent,bse,indusind,icici,s,kong,nestle,industries,maruti,infosys,south,powergrid,korea,hong,asian,reliance,cement,china,nse,ultratech,paints|1580382300
5e3fbc775e40789c25090a5b|1 February, Minsk / Korr Bleaching powder China has more than 11000 cases of pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus. A total of 259 residents died, Tass news agency quoted China's National Health Care Commission as saying. According to statistics, Hubei is still the region with the highest incidence (71000 people). The same is true of Wuhan, the capital of the province. Next came 537 people in Zhejiang Province, 436 in Guangdong Province, and 352 in Henan Province, two dead. 139 people have been confirmed dead in Beijing, two of them dead. In the areas with the lowest reported infection rates in the mainland of China, Qinghai Province, Guizhou Province and Jilin Province, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region The outbreak occurred in all major parts of the country. In addition, the first case has been confirmed in Spain. The patient is on Gomera island. US authorities confirmed the country's seventh case of pneumonia linked to coronavirus. He has been to Wuhan. About Who recognizes an international emergency in China|Province, China, people, dead, confirmed, pneumonia, Wuhan, country, case, February, Minsk, Korr, Bleaching, powder, 11000, cases, caused, 2019, ncov, virus|country,Korr,ncov,virus,pneumonia|commission,zhejiang,wuhan,guangdong,health,xinjiang,beijing,uygur,spain,us,tass,hubei,jilin,minsk,province,s,henan,gomera,guizhou,qinghai,autonomous,china,national,region,care|1580543520
5e3fa4dd7789d687c1b756c2|"Tokyo, February 9. /tass/ Japanese authorities will ship 600 passengers' medicines to a quarantine ship named diamond princes in Yokohama port on Sunday, 2. Receive regular treatment to prevent or treat any disease. Katsunobu Kato, Minister of health, labor and welfare of Japan, pointed out this. ""We found 600 people on board in urgent need of medicine. We are trying to get the drugs to the people who need them on Sunday, ""he said on NHK television. So far, diamond princes has about 3700 families. A total of 64 people have been evacuated from 50 countries, including Russia, and those infected with the 2019-ncov virus. At present, no virus has been diagnosed in Russia. The ship left Yokohama on 20 January and returned on 3 February. Among the passengers was a Chinese citizen who found a new coronal airline there. He went to Hong Kong on January 25. According to the decision of the Japanese authorities, a cruise ship broke down near Yokohama to conduct medical examination for all the people on board. The ship announced a two-week quarantine, which will last until February 19 About The Embassy of the Russian Federation continues to maintain personal contact with every Russian on board. Russian diplomats cooperate with Japanese authorities to help their compatriots solve medical and life problems."|ship, people, February, Japanese, authorities, Yokohama, board, Russian, 600, passengers, quarantine, diamond, princes, Sunday, found, Russia, virus, January, medical, Tokyo|board,quarantine,Russian,authorities,found|kong,russia,federation,chinese,yokohama,russian,japan,japanese,katsunobu,kato,nhk,tokyo,hong|1581245766
5e4a905af6963609bf988819|KARACHI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Around a hundred people called on Pakistan’s government to “bring back our children” from the locked down Chinese province of Hubei in a demonstration on Sunday in Karachi. Pakistan’s government has so far ruled out evacuating the more than 1,000 Pakistani students in the province, home to the city of Wuhan, at the center of the coronavirus outbreak. State Health Minister Zafar Mirza said on Twitter on Friday that he and other ministers would hold a meeting for parents in Islamabad on Wednesday and that his government was working with Chinese authorities to ensure students were taken care of. But many students and their families have expressed growing frustration as the death toll in China mounts, pointing to other countries, including neighboring India and Bangladesh, evacuating their citizens. “For God’s sake, we request from the government representatives please bring back our children, please listen to a mother’s grievance,” one protester, who declined to give her name, told media while bursting into tears. The protesters chanted “bring back our children” and held up banners with the same message. Earlier in the week dozens of families in Lahore held a similar protest outside the Chinese consulate. A spokesman for Mirza did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for further comment. He said on Twitter six Pakistani students in China confirmed to have had the virus had fully recovered and one was still receiving treatment. Nonetheless, students in touch with Reuters from China over the past days said they wanted to leave. Mir Hassan, a student whose father died of a heart ailment this month while he was stuck in Wuhan, said he had been told by Pakistani officials he would not be evacuated despite wanting to return home to his grieving mother. “She is also begging me to come back home. Unfortunately, I haven’t any idea when I will go back home and see my mom,” he told Reuters. Sahil Hassan, a PhD student in Wuhan, said he was finding it hard to receive scholarship payments, leaving them unable to afford food and bottled water from their university’s food delivery service while in lock down.|back, students, Reuters, government, home, Pakistan, bring, children, Chinese, Pakistani, Wuhan, China, told, province, evacuating, Mirza, Twitter, families, request, mother|province,Chinese,Mirza,children,government|bangladesh,she,wuhan,pakistani,twitter,pakistan,india,hubei,zafar,reuters,s,god,islamabad,hassan,lahore,sahil,karachi,chinese,china,mirza,mir|1581873660
5e3f9e47c7d7d06da7396db3|"Beijing, February 7 - Russia News Agency. Hubei Province has been the center of the epidemic since the outbreak of coronavirus, As a result, Russian ambassador to China Andrei Denisov told Russian reporters Friday that the harsh measures taken there to curb the spread of the disease are entirely reasonable. I would like to remind you that Hubei is indeed a polluted area and the center of the epidemic, so those very strict measures are very close to the military status, ""Under the current situation, the measures taken by the Chinese government in Hubei Province and Wuhan city are undoubtedly reasonable."" Since the outbreak of the coronavirus on January 23, Wuhan has been isolated from the rest of the world, and the traffic in the city has been interrupted, including subway, bus, ferry, etc, Buses and water transport were not allowed to enter the city, and take-off from airports and railway stations were cancelled, The city and state authorities suggested that there was no particular reason not to go or leave the city. Similar measures have been taken in several other cities in Hubei Province. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China About Experts found the pathogen of the disease - Colorado virus 2019 ncov. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has reached 636, with more than 311000 infected."|city, Hubei, measures, Province, outbreak, coronavirus, China, Wuhan, center, epidemic, Russian, disease, reasonable, Chinese, authorities, 2019, Beijing, February, Russia, Agency|Russian,authorities,disease,Agency,Province|russia,andrei,world,wuhan,colorado,denisov,hubei,news,chinese,organization,russian,china,health,agency,beijing,province|1581062700
5e3e9a8876c6e08a821bd093|"J é R ô me Salomon, general director of health affairs of France: ""a Frenchman who had respiratory symptoms several days after his stay in Wuhan returned to France was first looked after by emergency personnel and then quarantined. All necessary health isolation and case confirmation were carried out according to the regulations. At present, the patient is in good condition and has gone home. The national designated center of Pasteur respiratory virus in France conducts research on the samples sent for examination. All indicators are negative, so the possibility of this person's infection is excluded... The passengers who go to China or return from China to France will receive specific suggestions on the flight. The airport has also posted the instructions for passengers between China and France Suggestion. French health minister Agnes Buzyn: ""the possibility of new coronavirus spreading to France is very small, but this possibility cannot be completely ruled out, especially between France and Wuhan. According to WHO recommendations, up to now, there are no control measures in French border inspection. Depending on the circumstances, France will take the necessary measures if the WHO recommendations change ""."|France, health, possibility, China, respiratory, Wuhan, passengers, French, recommendations, measures, Salomon, general, director, affairs, Frenchman, symptoms, days, stay, returned, looked|health,stay,affairs,respiratory,days|france,wuhan,agnes,french,china,frenchman,salomon,buzyn,pasteur|1579704300
5e3e9ae876c6e08a821bd159|"Khabarovsk is the capital of Khabarovsk state with the same name. It is an important transportation hub in the far east border of Russia, and close to Heilongjiang Province of China. Xinhua News Agency reported on February 7th that as at 24 o'clock in 6, Heilongjiang reported 50 cases of new coronavirus infection confirmed cases, 277 cases of cumulative confirmed cases, 3 deaths, and close contacts with medical observation on that day, there are still 3442 people. In the face of the epidemic in Heilongjiang Province, the government of Khabarovsk city released the news on Friday, February 7 that the occupational groups who are forced to contact with the public should wear masks, and explained that ""this move particularly involves all the occupational groups that have close contact with a large number of people in daily life, such as employees in the field of transportation, employees in shopping malls and banks, teaching staff groups, medical staff, etc."". The announcement also said, ""this is to prevent the spread of influenza in Khabarovsk, while preventing the spread of new coronavirus"". Russia last week counted two confirmed cases of new coronavirus, two of which were Chinese citizens, in Ural's Tumen and Chita in the Far East. Although few cases have been confirmed, Russia has taken a series of extreme measures, including repatriating infected foreigners, closing its 4250km border with China, cutting off railway transportation, restricting flights, suspending preferential and simplified tourist visa procedures for Chinese people, and suspending the issuance of work visas to Chinese workers. In order to protect President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin announced on February 6 that a systematic body temperature examination will be carried out for the public participating in Putin's activities."|cases, Khabarovsk, confirmed, transportation, Russia, close, Heilongjiang, February, coronavirus, people, groups, Chinese, border, Province, China, reported, medical, occupational, contact, public|cases,confirmed,transportation,Province,reported|east,russia,putin,kremlin,chita,chinese,news,far,vladimir,china,khabarovsk,ural,s,agency,xinhua,heilongjiang,tumen,province|1581067560
5e3f9f6ac7d7d06da7396e09|"Moscow, February 6 - Russian news agency. Indonesia's immigration service has banned several foreigners from entering Bali, including two Russian citizens and Ukrainian citizens who recently visited China, the news agency reported. Attara. ""We have denied entry to China 15 foreign tourists who have visited China in the past 14 days."" Denpasar. There are also four Brazilian citizens, three American citizens, two Moroccan citizens, one British, one new Zealander and one Romanian citizen on the list. Two Chinese citizens were also banned from entering the country. According to the agency's information, the airline will bear the cost of returning passengers to their destinations. Earlier, foreign minister letano marsudi had announced that Indonesia would suspend air links with China because of the expansion of the country's air links. The minister said the authorities would not issue visas to Chinese citizens either. As mentioned earlier, the prohibition on the entry or transit of non Chinese nationals will also apply to those who have been in China for the past two weeks. Chinese authorities notified who of the outbreak of unidentified pneumonia in Wuhan, Hubei Province on December 31 About Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 28000 infections in China, 563 of which have died."|citizens, China, Chinese, agency, Russian, Indonesia, banned, entering, visited, entry, foreign, past, country, minister, air, links, authorities, Moscow, February, immigration|citizens,visited,country,Russian,authorities|denpasar,british,wuhan,moroccan,colorado,chinese,ukrainian,attara,brazilian,russian,china,american,romanian,hubei,indonesia,zealander,bali,moscow,s|1580985720
5e3e9a8c76c6e08a821bd09a|"According to the Central News Agency today, Wuhan is suffering from pneumonia, and small and medium-sized enterprises in China are dying of illegal construction. The new coronavirus pneumonia, commonly known as pneumonia in Wuhan, has been raging in China. In order to prevent epidemics, the official announced the extension of the Spring Festival holiday. The small and medium-sized enterprises, which were forced to delay their construction, faced huge financial pressure or even close down. However, if they started their own businesses, the owners of the enterprises would also be liable. According to Reuters reports, Chinese President Xi Jinping said in February 5th that epidemic prevention and control is at a critical stage, and that scientific and orderly prevention and control is of vital importance. We must strictly implement laws and regulations for epidemic prevention and control and emergency response, strengthen risk assessment, make prudent decisions in accordance with the law, strictly implement prevention and control measures in accordance with the law, and resolutely prevent the spread of the epidemic. In order to contain the spread of the epidemic, China has delayed the time for enterprises to return to work after the Spring Festival. According to the comprehensive land media report, as of the 2nd, the time for enterprises to return to work in 19 provinces and cities including Hunan, Guangdong and Shanghai should not be earlier than 24:00 on the 9th, Jilin and Hubei. However, the regulations on returning to work in response to the epidemic have seriously affected the operation of small and medium-sized enterprises. According to VOA, 43 million Chinese small and medium-sized enterprises and some larger enterprises are also facing crisis due to the outbreak. Not only the catering industry, but also the traditional service industries, such as aviation, tourism, entertainment, logistics and transportation, wholesale and retail, have been severely hit, with ""revenue falling precipitously"". According to the estimation of China Evergrande Research Institute, affected by the epidemic, the direct economic loss of the three industries of China's film box office, catering retail and tourism market exceeds 1 trillion yuan in the Spring Festival holiday of 2020. China's small and medium-sized enterprises contribute more than half of its tax revenue, two-thirds of its economic output and 80% of its urban employment opportunities, while the catering industry alone provides 30 to 40 million jobs, the report said. Once small and medium-sized enterprises have problems, it will bring greater threat to the slowing economy. Compared with the service industry, the impact of the epidemic on the manufacturing industry is relatively small, but it also faces long-term pressure. Business owners are worried that orders will be lost if the shutdown is too long. However, according to Chinese law, if the resumption of work in advance causes the spread of pneumonia in Wuhan, the enterprise will bear the corresponding legal consequences."|enterprises, small, epidemic, medium, sized, China, pneumonia, prevention, control, work, industry, Wuhan, Spring, Festival, Chinese, law, spread, catering, construction, order|order,pneumonia,construction,prevention,spread|wuhan,jinping,guangdong,hunan,hubei,jilin,reuters,evergrande,agency,festival,s,institute,research,voa,central,chinese,news,china,spring,xi,shanghai|1580980980
5e3fa94c7789d687c1b7588e|Tass, 30 January. China's Hubei provincial government has set up a foreign hotline in response to the outbreak of pneumonia in new Colorado. Xinhua quoted the provincial government on Thursday. According to her information, you can call 027-8712256 24 hours a day. The total number of new coronavirus infections in China reached 7711 on Thursday, with 170 recorded deaths. In Hubei Province, the number of pneumonia cases caused by new coronavirus is the most, 4586 people, 162 of whom died. On December 31, 2019, China informed the World Health Organization (who) of an unknown type of pneumonia in Wuhan, a large commercial and industrial center with a population of more than 11 million. On January 7, the coronavirus 2019 ncov was found. The disease has been found in 16 other countries. Who recognizes that China's national emergency has broken out, but has yet to declare an international emergency.|China, pneumonia, coronavirus, January, Hubei, provincial, government, Thursday, number, 2019, found, emergency, Tass, 30, set, foreign, hotline, response, outbreak, Colorado|provincial,found,pneumonia,Tass,government|world,wuhan,colorado,tass,hubei,organization,china,health,province,xinhua,s|1580385374
5e4155eecae8370994363da2|This Saturday, China announced the dispatch of 450 military doctors to the city of Wuhan, the epicenter of the Chinese coronavirus epidemic, which has already proven the death of 41 people and infected more than 1.200 people. The 450 doctors, who are employees of the Navy, air force of the People's Liberation Army and military universities, arrived in Wuhan by military aircraft on Friday night, according to Xinhua State Agency. Medical teams comprise respiratory health specialists, infectious diseases, control of hospital infections and intensive therapy unit.|military, 450, doctors, Wuhan, people, Saturday, China, announced, dispatch, city, epicenter, Chinese, coronavirus, epidemic, proven, death, 41, infected, 1.200, employees|death,infected,announced,employees,doctors|people,navy,state,wuhan,saturday,chinese,china,agency,xinhua,army,s,liberation|1579938720
5e3fa37cc7d7d06da7396ee8|Moscow, February 4 - Russian news agency. The death toll from the new Colorado virus in Hubei Province has risen to 414 and the number of people infected has risen to 13522, according to the Regional Health Committee. Local authorities found 64 deaths and 2445 new infections on 3 February. It is reported that Wuhan city is the center of morbidity, with 1242 new cases. It was also reported that 396 hubay residents had been cured by coronavirus as of 00:00 (Moscow time) on 4 February (3 February). Chinese authorities report an unknown outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, central China, on December 31, 2019. Experts have discovered a pathogen, the new coronavirus 2019 ncov. The number of people infected reached 17200 and more than 360 died in China on Monday. Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. The World Health Organization (who)) recognizes this sudden international emergency.|February, people, China, Moscow, risen, number, infected, Health, authorities, reported, Wuhan, coronavirus, 00, 2019, Russian, agency, death, toll, Colorado, virus|death,virus,infected,Russian,authorities|world,wuhan,colorado,committee,hubei,chinese,organization,russian,regional,china,health,moscow,province|1580768340
5e414bff7e27cd38d1b1eef8|"The Portuguese to be removed from China will be screened before they start their journey and on arrival at the airport, the Minister of Health said this Thursday, noting that Portugal is still studying the possibility of a containment area. Regarding the issue of a place of isolation, ""whether at home or in another kind of space"", Minister Marta Temido said that this is still being ""studied and prepared because it depends on the clinical condition of these people and their previous history"". ""Each of these citizens will have a consultation with the [health] authority on arrival, which will have integrated a doctor, who will carry out an epidemiological inquiry and a recent clinical history survey to ensure that any suspicion is soon identified and properly addressed,"" said Marta Temido. The governor spoke to journalists outside the presentation of the Action Plan for the Prevention of Violence in the Health Sector, which took place today at the Ministry of Health. The minister explained that screening, which will be done through a clinical and physical assessment, including measurement of fever, will be done at the airport, which does not mean that there will be no additional assessment if necessary. According to the information available, Marta Temido said that about a dozen and a half Portuguese will return to Portugal, but she said that ""they may be less, because some citizens have chosen not to leave China for several reasons"". The precise date for the return of the Portuguese is still unknown, she said, stressing that they are ""working to see what time the people are coming, who are the people and other indispensable information"". He also said that the Ministry of Health is monitoring the whole situation through the Directorate-General for Health Yeah. ""The Director-General of Health [Grace Freitas] is currently coordinating a set of endeavours that we must have prepared for when intervention by the Ministry of Health is needed"", he said. What is prepared, he emphasised, is ""a device that follows the international protocols defined for the reception"" of the Portuguese when they arrive on national territory. ""The authorities are working to ensure that the returning Portuguese have adequate monitoring of their condition"", he said. ""We will follow closely the protocols that are defined by the competent authorities and we are also following the World Health Organisation conference on this subject,"" which is taking place today. By the end of Wednesday the number of deaths due to the new virus was 170 and the infected were more than 7.700 people. The new coronavirus was first detected in December in the city of Wuhan, capital of Hubei Province in central China. The number of cases of infection with the new coronavirus, provisionally designated by the WHO as ""2019-nCoV"", exceeds the number of infections recorded with the epidemic of Acute Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), caused by another coronavirus, but also detected in China and spread to other countries in 2002 and 2003. SARS infected five.327 people in China and provoked 774 deaths in the world, including 349 in mainland China."|Health, China, Portuguese, people, place, Marta, Temido, prepared, clinical, Ministry, number, coronavirus, arrival, airport, Minister, Portugal, condition, history, citizens, ensure|citizens,arrival,condition,Marta,ensure|wuhan,portuguese,sector,freitas,health,portugal,marta,sars,temido,world,violence,hubei,grace,action,prevention,general,yeah,in,who,for,the,minister,of,ministry,plan,china,organisation,directorate|1580394679
5e3faa45c7d7d06da7396f82|"Bishkek, Russian news agency 2. Kyrgyz evacuated 18 citizens from Wuhan, China, and reported to Russian news agency on Sunday. ""On February 2, 18 Kyrgyz citizens in Wuhan were taken to Bishkek by special plane. They arrived with the help of Kazakhstan."" News service. It was reported that all those who arrived were examined at the airport and quarantined in a special infectious disease unit in a hospital outside Bishkek. ""Hospitals should meet the conditions of infection safety and should be equipped with appropriate laboratory and treatment equipment as well as qualified medical personnel. The Ministry of Health announced that evacuees would be given additional tests, first of all for coronavirus infection. As stressed by the competent authorities, only medical personnel can contact the arrivals during quarantine. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization (who) on December 31 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found the pathogen - Colorado virus 2019 ncov. China's new Colorado virus has killed 304 people and infected about 14000 About About 100 people in nearly 20 countries are ill outside China. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|China, Bishkek, Wuhan, Russian, agency, Kyrgyz, 18, citizens, reported, special, arrived, infection, medical, personnel, Health, authorities, Colorado, virus, people, evacuated|citizens,arrived,virus,Russian,authorities|world,bishkek,wuhan,colorado,chinese,news,organization,china,russian,kyrgyz,of,health,ministry,kazakhstan,s|1580647800
5e4a8fd4f6963609bf988802|Feb 17 (Reuters) - Swire Pacific Ltd: * CATHAY PACIFIC ANNOUNCES SIGNIFICANT CAPACITY REDUCTIONS FOLLOWING COVID-19 VIRUS OUTBREAK * RECURRING RESULTS OF SWIRE PACIFIC FOR H1 2020 LIKELY TO BE MATERIALLY WORSE THAN THOSE FOR FIRST HALF OF 2019 * SEES H1 RESULTS IMPACT DUE TO CATHAY PACIFIC CAPACITY REDUCTIONS, ADVERSE EFFECTS ON CO’S OTHER BUSINESSES FROM CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:|PACIFIC, CATHAY, CAPACITY, REDUCTIONS, OUTBREAK, RESULTS, H1, Feb, 17, Reuters, Swire, Pacific, ANNOUNCES, SIGNIFICANT, COVID, 19, VIRUS, RECURRING, SWIRE, 2020|PACIFIC,SIGNIFICANT,19,CAPACITY,17|ltd,swire,cathay,pacific,eikon|1581931080
5e415514cae8370994363c95|France has already confirmed 11 cases of coronavirus in the country. The French health minister, Agnes Buzyn, confirmed five new cases this Saturday, one of the patients being British. According to Mirror, it is a British family. Patients were taken to the hospitals in Lyon, Saint-Etienne and Grenoble on Friday night and placed in isolation. The five patients were infected by one of the family members who was on a business trip in Singapore. He then travelled to the French Alps where he shared the same ski lodge with his family and transmitted the virus, contaminating a child and three adults. In Update|family, confirmed, cases, French, patients, British, France, 11, coronavirus, country, health, minister, Agnes, Buzyn, Saturday, Mirror, Patients, hospitals, Lyon, Saint|country,health,Agnes,Mirror,hospitals|france,british,singapore,etienne,alps,agnes,lyon,french,mirror,saint,grenoble,buzyn|1581155580
5e3fa52e7789d687c1b756df|"Hong Kong / Hong Kong / 7 February. /tass/ The Russian Consulate General in Hongkong is in contact with Russian citizens isolated on the world sleepwalker, and they have no complaints. That was mentioned in a press release on Facebook on Friday. ""All citizens are held in dormitories alone, get food and have the opportunity to contact relatives by phone and Internet. They did not file a complaint with the Consulate General. ""There are medical staff on board to disinfect,"" said deep. The plane returned to Hong Kong from Taiwan on Wednesday. From January 19 to 24, on the previous voyage from Guangzhou to Vietnam, there were three Chinese on board, who were later diagnosed with pneumonia caused by the 2019 ncov virus. There are about 1800 people on board now. Passengers (90% are Hong Kong residents) and the same number of flight attendants. Thirty staff members showed disturbing symptoms during the voyage, such as a cold and cough. On Thursday, the Russian Consulate General reported that there were four Russian citizens on board, all of whom were crew members. About There are no disturbing symptoms of their health."|Hong, Kong, Russian, board, Consulate, General, citizens, contact, staff, voyage, members, disturbing, symptoms, February, tass, Hongkong, isolated, world, sleepwalker, complaints|citizens,board,General,Russian,Kong|kong,taiwan,internet,hongkong,chinese,russian,guangzhou,general,consulate,vietnam,hong,facebook|1581084282
5e3e9b0076c6e08a821bd184|"According to Apple Daily reported today, Wuhan pneumonia Xi Jinping ""anti epidemic working group"" zero technocrats, scholars pointed out that the ability to become suspicious, not as Hu Wen. It is reported that some scholars criticized Xi Jinping's ""anti epidemic working group"" which is not as good as Hu Wen. On April 23, 2003, Premier Wen Jiabao presided over the executive meeting of the State Council and decided to establish a headquarters for the prevention and treatment of SARS. Wu Yi, the vice premier who is also the Minister of health, served as the group leader. Hua Jianmin, the State Councilor and Secretary General of the state Council, was the vice group leader. There were 11 other members, including Gao Qiang, the executive vice minister of the Ministry of health, Ma Kai, the director of the development and Reform Commission, and Ji Bingxuan, the executive vice minister of the Propaganda Department of the Central Committee Dai Bingguo, Vice Foreign Minister, Tian Jiyu, executive vice minister of the Ministry of public security, Wang Qishan, acting mayor of Beijing, etc. According to the report, the newly established anti epidemic leading group is directly under the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China in terms of system. Li Keqiang, the leader, and Wang Huning, the deputy leader, are both members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau, and the other seven members are all Deputy state-level officials. According to the report, Wu Qiang, a former lecturer in the Department of political science at Tsinghua University, told apple that the working group was headed by the prime minister, whose level seemed to be higher than that of the headquarters headed by Vice Premier Wu Yi, which not only reflected the aggravation of the current epidemic tide and crisis, but also was more serious than that in 2003. ""At the same time, it also showed that the bureaucrats represented by Li Keqiang gained a small amount of power, which was a political concession."" But he pointed out that Wu Yi, who was led by technocrats, was different from those who were led by him at that time. Many of the members of the working group are Xi Jinping's confidant. Among them, Xi's courage and the Secretary of the Central Secretariat Wang Huning served as deputy leader, and Ding Xuexiang, the Minister of the central office of the ""direct"" department, Huang Kunming, and Cai Qi, Secretary of the Beijing municipal Party committee, were appointed as members. According to Wu Qiang's analysis, the report said, ""it is doubtful to what extent this group can really take on the overall leadership work to get rid of the difficulties in the future. As we can see from the situation in Wuhan, Xi's governance system has had great problems. "" According to Wu Qiang, the leadership of Xi's system is more backward than that of Hu Wen's era: ""can Xi manage, control and coordinate China's local bureaucrats with such a team that shirks its responsibilities when he is not the leader?""? It is not as effective as the actual governance, authority and professional effectiveness of the headquarters led by Wu Yi in those days. "" He also pointed out that Li Keqiang's visit to Wuhan's anti epidemic front today ""only 20000 pairs of goggles can be solved, which seems to be the greatest mobilization of Zhongnanhai, which is very sad "" Apple Daily also quoted Liu ruishao, a commentator on current affairs, as saying that in those days, vice premier led a group of deputy ministerial level officials in the headquarters, while now the working group is led by Premier, and the members are ministerial level and vice national level. ""From the perspective of specifications, it can be seen that the current epidemic prevention specifications and the official attention level are higher than those 17 years ago, which indirectly reflects the current epidemic situation It's more serious than that year's SARS. In terms of the scope and width of the spread of the disease, the authorities dare not take it lightly. "" Compared with the headquarters of that year, the representatives of the Central Propaganda Department, the Ministry of foreign affairs and the Ministry of public security were all promoted from the vice ministerial level to the ministerial level, indicating that the central government believed that the epidemic was closely related to propaganda, stability maintenance and even diplomacy. ""Is there anyone outside China who, through this epidemic, discredits the Chinese government? We should not only publicize official policies, but also prevent attacks on the Chinese Communist Party. "" ""There are 9 million people in Wuhan who can't get to the city. Those who are not ill are on the verge of death. If they go to the streets (demonstrations), the authorities will send out armed police to maintain stability."" Lu Bingquan, a commentator on current affairs, also criticizes that the members of the working group are deficient in nature. Many of them are officials in charge of propaganda and stability maintenance. What's more, the national health and Health Commission and Hubei Province, where the epidemic broke out, are not represented. ""It seems that there are many officials in charge of mind control and stability maintenance, and few of them do practical work."" He pointed out that the working group Xi established was no more than that of the previous year: ""in those days, most of the headquarters was staffed with actual officials, and Vice Premier Wu Yi was known as the iron lady, who acted vigorously and could hold the situation. Although Li Keqiang is prime minister now, he has been abolished many martial arts skills under the rule of Xi Jinping for many years. His authority is insufficient and he has responsibilities and powers."|group, epidemic, Xi, Wu, vice, level, working, members, headquarters, leader, Yi, minister, officials, current, led, Wuhan, Jinping, anti, pointed, Wen|Jinping,anti,members,leader,level|commission,development,yi,state,wuhan,ma,jinping,affairs,propaganda,department,bureau,university,bingguo,municipal,wang,xuexiang,health,bingxuan,sars,cai,beijing,reform,wen,huning,huang,jianmin,party,li,hubei,and,can,zhongnanhai,hua,communist,apple,council,wu,province,tsinghua,s,councilor,ding,premier,standing,kai,the,gao,keqiang,liu,of,ruishao,ministry,qiang,central,committee,chinese,qishan,jiyu,foreign,china,lu,xi,daily,jiabao,ji,political,secretariat,direct,kunming,bingquan,dai,hu,qi,tian|1580140140
5e3fac997789d687c1b759c5|"Tass, January 23. Amur governor Vassily Orlov has called on residents in the region to temporarily abandon their visit to neighboring China, where the 2019 ncov Royal jet broke out. This is instagram, which he wrote on his website. ""My friends, the situation of our neighbors in China is very serious. We must take all precautions. Please don't travel at this time. Pay attention to your health and consult your doctor in case of any doubt. "" A high level of alert has previously been established in the area. Staff of the infectious diseases hospital in Amur state of blagoveshinsk are also preparing for the complex epidemic situation, and the staff of the hospital are receiving supplementary training."|Amur, China, situation, hospital, Tass, January, 23, governor, Vassily, Orlov, called, residents, region, temporarily, abandon, visit, neighboring, 2019, ncov, Royal|Amur,Tass,visit,ncov,Orlov|amur,tass,ncov,china,vassily,orlov,royal,blagoveshinsk|1579766544
5e4155a7cae8370994363d48|The first suspected case of infection by the new Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Portugal was released this Saturday by the Directorate-General for Health. Suspicion put the Health Authority on high alert and screening protocols have been initiated. For the first time since the outbreak of pneumonia by the new coronavirus, the new China, the National Health Authority has issued a statement about a patient... <br /> To access all day exclusive CMs 10.02.2020 enter your mobile number and click OK A notification will be sent to your cell phone. Accept transaction in your MB WAY application. Okay. More information on this service Number valid only for Portugal. Cost of calling EUR 0.60+ VAT Learn more about other payment methods Exclusive If you subscribe login Digital Signature Access to e-paper, all proprietary contents of the website on pc, tablet and smarphone Sign already 1 month/1 EUR To read this and all today's EXCLUSIVE on the website for 0.60 EUR+ VAT Get your access code with a simple phone call or USE O|Health, EUR, Portugal, Authority, access, phone, 0.60, VAT, website, suspected, case, infection, Coronavirus, 2019, nCoV, released, Saturday, Directorate, General, Suspicion|Directorate,General,suspected,Suspicion,Authority|coronavirus,ncov,china,authority,directorate,portugal,general,health,national,2019,for|1580002200
5e414860b727ac2cbdeceafa|"Five million residents of Wuhan, where the new coronavirus outbreak erupted, left the city before it was closed and quarantined by the authorities. The information was submitted by the mayor of the Chinese city on the day the Minister of the China Health Commission announced that the virus can be transmitted during the incubation period, which can go up to 14 days, when people have not yet experienced the first symptoms of the infection. As I said, this Sunday, Zhou Xianwang, the mayor of Wuhan, during a press conference, people left because of the Chinese New Year's holiday and fearful of the coronal virus epidemic. According to the leader, nine million people are still inside the quarantine zone. In addition to Wuhan, where 2360 doctors and civil and military nurses were sent, the Chinese authorities ordered to close down more 13 cities in Hubei Province. And banning the sale of exotic and wild animals throughout China, the outbreak will have started in a market for the sale of these animals for human consumption in Wuhan. People eagerly waiting for Chinese scientists to develop a vaccine for this new coronavirus which, although apparently less deadly than SARS, another type of coronavirus that appeared in China and killed around 800 people between 2002 and 2003, is more infectious. ""The rate of spread of the outbreak is increasing. I fear that this will continue for some time and that the number of cases of infected people will continue to increase,""the minister of the National Health Commission admitted at a press conference on the outbreak this Sunday. According to Ma Xiaowei, patients with no symptoms during the incubation period are causing cases to multiply more rapidly. ""There are signs that the virus is becoming more communicable Yeah. These'communicable agents'make control of the outbreak much more difficult, the Minister said. At the same time, the Chinese authorities do not rule out the possibility that the virus will mutate in the future, spreading to other age groups -so far, most infected people are between 40 and 60 years old. 2700 people are currently being observed in Wuhan, and a thousand of them are very likely to be confirmed as infected. One thousand that will join the 533 confirmed cases in the city, 1988 throughout the country (including Macao and Hong Kong). Outside China there have already been cases in 12 other countries, according to the European Centre for Disease Control and Prevention: Australia (4), Canada (1), South Korea (3), the United States (2), France (3), Japan (3), Malaysia (4), Nepal (1), Singapore (4), Thailand (5), Taiwan (6) and Vietnam (2). After President Xi Jinping said on Saturday that ""the situation is serious"", yesterday the authorities announced that Prime Minister Li Keqiang will lead the high-level group in charge of dealing with the coronavirus epidemic that has already killed 56 people so far, and 324 patients are in serious condition. The Chinese Centers for Disease Prevention and Control (CPCD) announced this Sunday that they have managed to isolate the virus and are selecting a strain to develop a vaccine. Xu Wenbo of the CPCD stated at a press conference in Beijing that scientists used a high-yield genetic sequencer to identify pathogens the day after the first samples from Wuhan arrived in January. If Hong Kong decided to close the borders of the territory (after eight confirmed cases of coronavirus) at the entry of Hubei residents or people who have been in that province in the last two weeks (with the exception of city residents), Macao's executive decided to be more drastic Yeah. The Macanese authorities have informed 1100 visitors from Hubei that they are in the territory returning to mainland China or will have to be placed in isolation. Subscribe free of charge to newsletters and receive the best of today and the deepest works of the public. Macao's health authorities announced this Sunday that there were three more infected people, with five cases being raised in the territory. In a statement, the New Coronavirus Contingency Coordination Centre indicated that the new cases were diagnosed in three women, 58, 39 and 21, residents of Wuhan. The three women are among those five million people who left the city before it was shut down by the authorities and placed under quarantine."|people, Wuhan, authorities, cases, Chinese, coronavirus, outbreak, city, China, virus, residents, announced, Sunday, infected, million, left, Minister, press, conference, Hubei|virus,infected,announced,authorities,Hubei|commission,contingency,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,disease,coordination,ma,jinping,nepal,malaysia,health,sunday,cpcd,macanese,sars,australia,vietnam,beijing,france,singapore,united,coronavirus,hubei,li,and,prevention,japan,year,s,for,kong,xiaowei,macao,wenbo,keqiang,centre,xianwang,new,european,south,korea,xu,hong,zhou,chinese,centers,canada,china,states,xi,national,control|1580066455
5e415596cae8370994363d2d|"Analysts are predicting a slowdown in the Chinese economy in the first quarter of the year due to the outbreak of a new coronavirus, which is paralyzing the country, and have alerted the global impact. The virus, initially detected in the city of Wuhan, central Chin a, which has already caused 106 dead, is affecting domestic consumption, tourism and manufacturing sector as entire cities have been effectively quarantined and the Chinese New Year's holiday extended. ""The economic impact on China- and potentially other countries- will be significant if the virus continues to spread"", stated in a report the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), the British magazine's analysis unit'The Economist'. The virus may break the rate of growth of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in China this year between 0,5% and 1% against an original 5,9% forecast, if the epidemic reaches the level of atypical pneumonia, which between 2002 and 2003 killed 650 people in mainland China and Hong Kong, considered the EIU. In the event of such a scenario, the increase in spending on medical care will also lead to cuts in investment in infrastructure and other economic stimulus measures, is read in the same note. The virus led authorities to cancel events throughout China during Lunar New Year's holiday week. Restaurants and commercial spaces, whose business reaches the highest point during this time, have been closed in several locations. Shanghai, China's ""financial capital"", ordered the companies not to reopen until February 10th, while Suzhou, a major manufacturing centre in the east of the country, delayed the return to work of millions of migrant workers for a week. The impact on the travel sector is already evident, with rail transport falling 42%, given the Lunar New Year period in 2019 Yeah. The same similar fall was recorded in the aviation sector, according to the Chinese Ministry of Transport. The outbreak comes after in 2019 the Chinese economy, the second largest in the world, grew six,1%, the lowest rate in several decades, reflecting a weak increase in domestic consumption and a prolonged trade war with Washington. ""The coronavirus makes a marked slowdown in the economy even more likely, and if the disease is not controlled quickly, the fall could be very high"", he warned in a report by Julian Evans-Pritchard, a Chinese analyst for the Capital Economics consultant. In 2003, the outbreak of atypical pneumonia reduced by two percentage points the quarterly growth of the Chinese economy from 11,1%, in the first trimester to 9,1% in the second. With more than 11 million inhabitants, Wuhan is also an important domestic and international transport hub, and a growth engine of the national economy, so the decision to isolate the city will have an impact on the whole of China. Wuhan's GDP grew 7,8%, in 2019, above the national average, according to official data. The outbreak of the new coronavirus in China should also have worldwide effects, especially for the luxury, automotive or aviation sectors, in view of the weight of the Chinese market. Chinese customers represent more than a third of the world value of luxury goods purchases, exposing the main brands of the sector to a fall in Chinese demand, Bain'Co consultants'highlighted. The actions of major airlines have fallen sharply in recent days, with the risk of a rapid spread of coronavirus and a fall in the number of Chinese tourists travelling across borders- China is the world's largest provider of tourists. Wuhan is also an important assembly and component production centre for Nissan, PSA, Honda, General Motors or Renault manufacturers, so the city's isolation threatens to disrupt production chains. Yeah. International manufacturers have already begun pulling foreign officials from their factories in China. The Asian country is still the largest car market in the world, so a decrease in consumption could affect the main brands in the sector."|Chinese, China, economy, sector, outbreak, coronavirus, impact, virus, Wuhan, 1%, fall, world, country, city, domestic, consumption, Year, growth, 2019, largest|impact,virus,country,domestic,consumption|intelligence,wuhan,motors,renault,economics,nissan,chin,unit,pritchard,washington,transport,capital,general,year,s,kong,bain,economist,british,lunar,eiu,of,evans,ministry,suzhou,new,psa,hong,honda,asian,julian,chinese,china,shanghai,co|1580202060
5e41248e6e5e64d927600445|"CAIRO - - The Saudi Center For Disease Prevention And Control tweeted on Thursday that there were: ""No cases of the novel coronavirus(2019-nCoV)in Saudi Arabia so far."" Saudi Arabia has started screening passengers arriving from China and has taken other preventive measures following the outbreak of the new coronavirus in China, the kingdom's health ministry said on Wednesday. REUTERS"|Saudi, coronavirus, Arabia, China, CAIRO, Center, Disease, Prevention, Control, tweeted, Thursday, cases, 2019, nCoV, started, screening, passengers, arriving, preventive, measures|CAIRO,preventive,Disease,tweeted,screening|center,disease,and,china,prevention,cairo,reuters,control,arabia,saudi,for|1579801322
5e3facbc7789d687c1b759d4|"Beijing, January 23. /tass/ The size of the pneumonia outbreak caused by the coronavirus 2019-ncov may be 10 times larger than the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (also known as SARS). This was announced by a Hong Kong virologist in an interview with China's Jiaxing magazine on Thursday. Professor Guan Yi, director, National Laboratory of new infectious diseases, University of Hong Kong According to conservative estimates, the scale of the epidemic will be more than 10 times that of SARS, ""the expert said the day before returning from Wuhan, Where did the disease first occur. ""I've had a lot of experience and I've never been scared, and in most cases I can control it, but this time I'm scared,"" said the scientist. Professor Guan conducted a study on the prevention and control of SARS in 2004. In 2005, Time magazine listed a scientist on the list of 18 world's best antivirus experts)（"|SARS, outbreak, 10, Hong, Kong, magazine, Professor, Guan, ve, scared, control, scientist, Beijing, January, 23, tass, size, pneumonia, caused, coronavirus|Kong,magazine,Hong,scared,scientist|kong,laboratory,yi,wuhan,magazine,jiaxing,china,guan,national,sars,beijing,s,hong,time|1579806306
5e3e668dff976e92724b6ffc|BEIJING (Reuters) - Yang Zhongyi was still waiting on Monday for a coronavirus test in the Chinese city of Wuhan two weeks after she started to show signs of a fever, even though doctors privately told her family that she almost certainly has been infected, her son Zhang Changchun told Reuters. Yang, 53, is just one of many Wuhan inhabitants finding it difficult to get tested or receive treatment for the new form of coronavirus, which authorities say has infected 2,800 people and killed at least 80 in China, a situation that may be contributing to the spread of the disease. Yang has been unable to gain full-time admission to a hospital, her son said. She has been put on drips in unquarantined areas at four separate hospitals in the city to treat her deteriorating lungs, he said, while he is doing what he can to get her tested or admitted full-time. “My brother and I have been queuing at the hospital every day. We go at 6 and 7 in the morning, and queue for the whole day, but we don’t get any new answers,” Zhang told Reuters. “Every time the responses are the same: ‘There’s no bed, wait for the government to give a notice, and follow the news to see what’s going on.’ The doctors are all very frustrated too.” Officially known as 2019-nCoV, the new form of coronavirus was first identified as the cause of death of a 61-year-old man in Wuhan on Jan. 10, when China shared gene information on the virus with other countries. Some, such as Japan and Thailand, started testing travelers from China for the virus within three days. However, testing kits for the disease were not distributed to some of Wuhan’s hospitals until about Jan. 20, an official at the Hubei Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention (Hubei CDC) told Reuters . Before then, samples had to be sent to a laboratory in Beijing for testing, a process that took three to five days to get results, according to Wuhan health authorities. During that gap, hospitals in the city reduced the number of people under medical observation from 739 to just 82, according to data compiled by Reuters from Wuhan health authorities, and no new cases were reported inside China. Despite the lack of reliable data and testing capacity in Wuhan, Chinese authorities assured citizens in the days after the virus had been identified that it was not widely transmissible. In previous weeks, it had censored negative online commentary about the situation, and arrested eight people it accused of being “rumor spreaders.” “The doctor didn’t wear a mask, we didn’t know how to protect ourselves... no one told us anything,” a 45-year-old woman surnamed Chen told Reuters. Her aunt was confirmed to have the virus on Jan. 20, five days after she was hospitalized. “I posted my aunt’s photos on (Chinese social media site) Weibo and the police called the hospital authorities. They told me to take it down.” National, regional and city health officials did not respond to requests for comment from Reuters on how the virus outbreak has been handled. National officials did say at a media briefing last week that there were some “loopholes” in initial treatment methods. Wuhan’s mayor, Zhou Xianwang, told Chinese state television on Monday he recognized that “all parties were not satisfied with the disclosure of our information.” But he pointed to strictures placed upon him by provincial and national leaders. “In local governance, after I receive information, I can only release it when I’m authorized,” he said. Zhou told a media briefing on Sunday that a further 1,000 people could be diagnosed with the virus in Wuhan, based on the number of patients yet to be tested . China last week locked down the affected region in Hubei province in the biggest quarantine operation on record and is building two new hospitals to treat virus patients. President Xi Jinping has created a special committee to tackle the outbreak. The country has been praised internationally for quickly sequencing the virus gene. However, its slow scale-up of testing has been questioned. Once a virus has been identified, “You need to make sure you have all the reagent (a substance used in chemical analysis) samples and you’ve got it all pushed out to where you want to do testing,” said Amesh Adalja, a senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins University Center for Health Security, who focuses on emerging infectious disease and pandemic preparedness. Although information from the region is scarce, Adalja suggested China has had problems with this stage of tackling the outbreak. “We’re already hearing that there are shortages of medical professionals there, that there are shortages of test kits and medicines,” he said. John Edmunds, a professor at the center for mathematical modeling of infectious diseases at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, said China has not communicated enough detailed data after the initial outbreak. “We have a very incomplete picture of what’s going on,” he told Reuters. “Whether it’s incompetence, secrecy, or deliberate, I don’t know, but it would be very useful if we could have some basic epidemiological data.” The shortage of testing supplies and China’s initial reticence have drawn criticism that the country is still learning lessons from the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) in 2002 that killed almost 800 people . “The improvements have been on the hard science side - figuring out the virus’s genome, building new hospitals at a moment’s notice - more than on the soft science side of managing information and dealing with people,” said Mary Gallagher, a political science professor who leads the University of Michigan’s Center for Chinese Studies. City managers had little incentive to escalate problems to political superiors. The week in which no new virus cases were reported in Hubei coincided with preparations for the Lunar New Year and sessions of the province’s National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. Seven of the largest hospitals in Wuhan are now equipped with testing kits for the virus, which in theory deliver results within a day, the Hubei CDC official said. But four people told Reuters they were refused tests because the process involved a complex reporting system including hospital, district and city health authorities and disease control officials. To qualify for the test, patients need to meet certain criteria, such as having symptoms of fever and pneumonia, and a surge in patients means it is “impossible to conduct the test right away,” an official at the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention told Reuters. Three hospital and local government workers, who have been briefed on how doctors are handling tests and confirming cases, told Reuters that official numbers of infections and deaths do not reflect the actual toll. Wuhan health authorities have a limit on tests, chiefly because of the shortage of testing kits, and are screening lists of patients before deciding who gets a test, which takes several hours, one hospital worker told Reuters. “Some severely ill patients were left out from the final list for testing because they know they wouldn’t be able to be treated,” the worker told Reuters. “The actual deaths were higher.” Reuters could not independently confirm the hospital worker’s account . Hubei and Wuhan health authorities did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. Zhang, whose mother is still waiting for a test, said doctors at three Wuhan hospitals told her family privately that they are almost certain she has contracted the coronavirus. However, he said two of those hospitals told him they are not equipped with testing kits, and the other told him it has no available bed to accommodate his mother for the test. None of those hospitals replied to Reuters requests for comment. Sixty-nine year-old Xu Enen, who has had fever and a lung infection since Jan. 8, was rejected by six hospitals in Wuhan for testing as they said they had ran out of beds, his daughter told Reuters. Xu’s symptoms have worsened lately, and he is starting to have breathing difficulties. He was finally admitted on Jan. 22 to queue for the test at Hankou hospital in Wuhan after his daughter publicized his case on Weibo. Researchers at Lancaster University estimate that only 5.1% of infections in Wuhan have been identified. By Jan. 21, they estimated a total of 11,341 people had been infected in Wuhan since the start of the year. More than 30,000 people in Wuhan are under observation, according to the city’s health authorities. “All we want is to confirm the case is the virus or not,” said a 33-year-old Wuhan woman surnamed Liu, whose father has been on a respirator in hospital since Jan. 14 and was still untested on Monday. “At least if it’s confirmed we have a direction. If there’s no direction, there’s no hope.”|Wuhan, told, Reuters, virus, testing, hospitals, authorities, people, hospital, test, China, Jan, health, Chinese, city, Hubei, patients, year, information, kits|health,virus,Chinese,hospitals,authorities|tropical,people,thailand,wuhan,disease,amesh,security,jinping,severe,university,health,lancaster,edmunds,medicine,consultative,sars,beijing,changchun,chen,hubei,and,japan,prevention,reuters,year,weibo,enen,congress,zhongyi,s,for,yang,michigan,respiratory,hankou,lunar,acute,school,zhang,liu,of,london,hygiene,provincial,xianwang,new,xu,johns,studies,zhou,mary,hopkins,cdc,center,john,chinese,adalja,china,xi,conference,political,national,control,syndrome,gallagher|1580139720
5e43fb095f23719b6c6f641c|BEIJING (Reuters) - The death toll from a coronavirus outbreak in mainland China reached 1,113 as of the end of Tuesday, up by 97 from the previous day, the National Health Commission said on Wednesday, with new infections falling to their lowest since January. Across mainland China, there were 2,015 new confirmed infections on Tuesday, the lowest since Jan. 30 when there were 1,982 new confirmed cases. China last week amended its guidelines on prevention and control of the coronavirus, saying that only when asymptomatic cases show clinical signs should they be recorded as a confirmed case. However, it is not clear if the government data previously included asymptomatic cases. The total accumulated number of cases on the mainland has reached 44,653, the data released on Wednesday showed. The central Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, reported 94 deaths, with 72 of them in its provincial capital of Wuhan.|cases, mainland, China, confirmed, coronavirus, outbreak, reached, Tuesday, Wednesday, infections, lowest, asymptomatic, data, BEIJING, Reuters, death, toll, 113, end, 97|death,toll,reached,end,confirmed|commission,wuhan,hubei,china,health,national,beijing|1581434220
5e3fa0b6c7d7d06da7396e6f|"February 5 - Russian news agency. Yerevan thanked Russia for evacuating Armenian women citizens from Wuhan, China, on Tuesday, a new outbreak center in koronavelos, announced Wednesday at the Armenian Press Office Mead. ""We have the honour to report that on 4 February, thanks to the cooperation of our Russian colleagues, an Armenian citizen, Lyudmila bagdasaryan, expressed his wish to leave Wuhan. According to a report on the foreign ministry's television channel, he was evacuated to Russia. The information service noted that the Armenian embassy maintained regular contact with the national and was taking steps to return to his country as soon as possible. "" Express our deep appreciation to the Ministry of foreign affairs for the prompt response and cooperation of our Russian colleagues to Armenia's request. "" The Ministry also said that at present only quarantine areas in Hubei Province have been evacuated. Other Armenians there refused to leave. Earlier, the Russian Embassy in China said that Russian citizens successfully evacuated from Hubei on Wednesday night, together with 128 Russians, and 16 citizens from CIS countries. About On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 2400 new infections have occurred in mainland China, 490 of them have died, and another has died in Hong Kong. More than 170 people were ill abroad, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|Russian, Armenian, China, citizens, Wuhan, evacuated, February, Russia, outbreak, Wednesday, report, cooperation, colleagues, leave, foreign, Ministry, Hubei, 2019, occurred, died|citizens,occurred,Russian,evacuated,Hubei|wuhan,press,armenians,affairs,russian,office,health,armenian,mead,world,hubei,lyudmila,s,kong,russia,bagdasaryan,colorado,of,ministry,yerevan,hong,russians,chinese,foreign,organization,china,cis,armenia|1580889840
5e415509cae8370994363c88|Two major US airlines, United and American Airlines, announced this Wednesday the temporary suspension of flights to Hong Kong due to the coronavirus epidemic. United Airlines has indicated that it will suspend the Hong Kong connection from Saturday until February 20th, justifying that there is a significant decrease in passenger numbers. American Airlines states that it had already decided to stop connecting to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region until the next day 20. These two companies had already announced that flights to the People's Republic of China would be stopped because of the coronavirus epidemic which already caused 490 deaths from being contaminated 24.300 people. A dozen international companies have ceased air links to the People's Republic of China to prevent the spread of viral pneumonia. The decision on Hong Kong, which has one of the busiest airports in the world, comes at a time when Chinese territory is also affected by the epidemic. The coronavirus has killed one in the former British colony in southern China and, according to the latest information, there have been 18 cases of contamination. The Hong Kong health authorities indicated on Tuesday that they are taking measures to prevent the spread of the virus by advising residents not to travel to mainland China. PSP // SB Lusa/End|Hong, Kong, China, Airlines, coronavirus, epidemic, United, American, announced, flights, companies, People, Republic, prevent, spread, major, airlines, Wednesday, temporary, suspension|announced,Kong,American,Hong,flights|kong,republic,people,british,united,us,airlines,special,chinese,american,china,administrative,of,region,s,hong|1580895180
5e40f6f18b3ade896662c6db|(This Feb. 8 story has been corrected to remove erroneous reference to the American citizen who died as a man, as the U.S. embassy did not state the gender of the deceased) By Tom Daly and Min Zhang BEIJING (Reuters) - A 60-year-old American has died of the new coronavirus, the first confirmed non-Chinese death of the illness, U.S. officials said, as millions of Chinese began returning home after a Lunar New Year break that was extended to try to contain the outbreak. While the vast majority of cases have been in China, the virus has spread to some two dozen countries abroad, including five British nationals infected in a French mountain resort. The American died on Thursday in Wuhan, epicenter of the virus outbreak in the central Chinese province of Hubei, a U.S. embassy spokesman said in Beijing on Saturday. He did not elaborate. A Japanese man in his sixties and hospitalized with pneumonia in Wuhan, capital of Hubei, also died after suffering symptoms consistent with the new coronavirus, Japan’s foreign ministry said. The virus has been a blow to China’s already-slowing economy, with Goldman Sachs cutting its first-quarter GDP growth target to 4% from 5.6% previously and saying a deeper hit is possible. “It’s certainly not going to be a return to normal next week,” said Julian Evans-Pritchard, senior China economist at Capital Economics in Singapore. The death toll in mainland China rose to 723 on Saturday, the World Health Organization (WHO) said, looking likely to pass the 774 deaths recorded globally during the 2002-2003 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). GRAPHIC: Comparing new coronavirus to SARS and MERS - here Most of the deaths in China have occurred in and around Wuhan. Across mainland China, the number of cases stood at 34,598, the WHO said . The virus has spread to 27 countries and regions, according to a Reuters count based on official reports, infecting more than 330 people. Two deaths have been reported outside mainland China - in Hong Kong and the Philippines. Both victims were Chinese nationals. WHO expert Mike Ryan told a news conference in Geneva that the number of new cases in Hubei had stabilized over the last four days, “which may reflect the impact of control measures put in place”. Speaking later to Reuters he cautioned, however, that “it’s not a decline. That can just mean four days of relative calm before it accelerates.” For a full coverage of the coronavirus outbreak click, here The latest patients outside China include five British nationals staying in the same chalet at a ski village in Haute-Savoie in the Alps, French health officials said, raising fears of further infections at a busy period in the ski season. The five, including a child, had been lodged in the same chalet with a British man believed to have contracted the virus in Singapore. They were not in a serious condition, the officials said. France issued a new travel advisory for its citizens, saying it did not recommend traveling to China unless there was an “imperative” reason. Italy asked children traveling from China to stay away from school for two weeks voluntarily. GRAPHIC: Tracking the novel coronavirus - here Hidden among the statistics are poignant tales of grief and frustration. Canadian mother Amelia Pan is at home while her two-year-old daughter, Cerena, is running a fever and stranded in Hubei where her father has contracted the virus. “I am just hanging in there,” Pan said in a Skype interview. “I need to stay strong so I can fight for my family.” China’s Communist Party rulers have sealed off cities, canceled flights and closed factories, a response that has dented the world’s second-biggest economy and had ripple effects globally for financial markets and businesses dependent on China . China’s economy will sputter toward normal on Monday, as millions return to the big cities after the biggest holiday of the year. The holiday was extended, but many workplaces will remain closed and many white-collar workers will continue to work from home.    U.S. electric carmaker Tesla’s (TSLA.O) factory in Shanghai will resume production on Monday, a government official said on Saturday.    Apple Inc APPL.O said it was working to reopen its China corporate offices and call centers and was making preparations to reopen retail stores there.    But Chinese authorities have blocked a plan by Apple supplier Foxconn (2317.TW) to resume production from Feb. 10 over concerns about the spread of the virus, Japan’s Nikkei business daily reported on Saturday. Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), facing supply chain disruptions, said it had postponed restarting production at most China plants in its joint venture with SAIC Motor (600104.SS) and the Tianjin plant in its JV with FAW Group SASACJ.UL until Feb. 17. News of the death on Friday of Li Wenliang, a doctor who was reprimanded by police for raising the alarm about the new coronavirus, sparked outrage on Chinese social media. Chinese-ruled Hong Kong introduced a two-week quarantine on Saturday for all people arriving from the mainland, or who have been there during the previous 14 days. The Pentagon is shrinking the size of its delegation traveling to the Singapore Airshow 2020 and U.S. defense firms Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and Raytheon Co (RTN.N) said they would not attend. Singapore has 40 coronavirus infections. Another three people on a cruise liner off Japan tested positive for coronavirus, bringing the total number of confirmed cases from the ship to 64, Japan’s health ministry said. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) on Friday banned “any guests holding Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports, regardless of when they were there last” from boarding the company’s ships . The WHO warned on Friday against the “unnecessary, unhelpful profiling of individuals based on ethnicity”.|China, coronavirus, Chinese, virus, Saturday, died, outbreak, cases, Hubei, Japan, Singapore, mainland, Feb, American, man, Reuters, year, death, officials, home|death,virus,Japan,American,officials|ltd,health,caribbean,volkswagen,economics,goldman,singapore,wenliang,italy,geneva,lmt,daly,capital,airshow,lunar,raytheon,nikkei,tesla,tsla,julian,organization,corp,royal,shanghai,pan,tom,vowg,sachs,li,hubei,faw,japanese,haute,s,kong,n,british,group,sasacj,inc,2317,alps,chinese,french,mike,china,rcl,philippines,rtn,appl,beijing,world,tw,de,martin,ruled,o,u,pentagon,zhang,evans,new,macau,ss,cerena,2020,p,savoie,ul,wuhan,foxconn,lockheed,sars,france,tianjin,motor,party,pritchard,japan,min,communist,reuters,year,apple,who,cruises,american,600104,ryan,saic,mers,hong,non,canadian,amelia,co|1581355740
5e40ce7bc0fe4e1400def406|In the fight against the spread of lung disease in China, strict movement restrictions have been imposed on around 37 million people in the severely affected Central Chinese province of Hubei. Also in Jingzhou, Xiaogan and Dangyang public transport and trains were stopped in other places. With this, at least eleven cities have been virtually shut down with the provincial capital Wuhan. The number of people infected with the new Coronavirus increased to 876. 26 patients have died so far. (dpa)|people, fight, spread, lung, disease, China, strict, movement, restrictions, imposed, 37, million, severely, affected, Central, Chinese, province, Hubei, Jingzhou, Xiaogan|province,strict,lung,movement,disease|central,wuhan,coronavirus,chinese,hubei,xiaogan,dangyang,china,jingzhou|1579820400
5e4b5dc22319c47cc7868a98|SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics has launched smartphone delivery services for customers to test its new products, as the spread of the coronavirus has prompted the tech giant to cancel promotional events and brace for weak store sales. The move highlights efforts made by the global smartphone industry, one of the tech sectors most hurt by the virus outbreak in China, to minimize the impact on business. Analysts say the virus may slash demand for smartphones by half in the first quarter in China, the world’s biggest market for the devices. Apple Inc warned on Monday it was unlikely to meet a sales target set just three weeks ago, while Xiaomi Corp had to livestream its smartphone launch event last week because of nationwide restrictions on travel and large gatherings. Samsung, which unveiled a new foldable smartphone and a trio of its flagship Galaxy S20 models last week, is also curtailing brick-and-mortar marketing. The South Korean smartphone maker has decided to sharply cut the number of in-store “experimental zones,” where consumers can try out the latest phones, and skip promotional events such as “Galaxy fan parties” for the latest device over worries about the spread of the virus, dubbed SARS-Cov-2. There will only be nine such zones for the Galaxy S20, compared with the 130 it had for Galaxy Note 10 series in South Korea, according to Samsung’s website. Samsung customers who want to try out the Galaxy S20 can have one delivered to their door and can use it for up to 24 hours. A delivery worker will pick it up after that, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media. “We are introducing a new service, as coronavirus-related issues could result in less in-store experience,” one of the people said, adding that the service is expected to be available only in some parts of South Korea.|smartphone, Galaxy, Samsung, store, virus, S20, South, Reuters, delivery, customers, spread, coronavirus, tech, promotional, events, sales, China, zones, latest, Korea|virus,promotional,Samsung,Galaxy,sales|electronics,korean,corp,korea,china,xiaomi,seoul,samsung,reuters,apple,south,inc,galaxy,s20,s,note|1581952860
5e3e6659ff976e92724b6faf|Feb 4 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday extended the use of a coronavirus detection tool to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)-qualified laboratories across the country. The authorization was until recently limited to CDC laboratories. Under the emergency use authorization, the 2019-nCoV Real-Time RT-PCR diagnostic panel can be used in patients who meet the CDC criteria for coronavirus testing. “Negative results do not preclude 2019-nCoV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions,” the FDA said.|CDC, coronavirus, laboratories, authorization, 2019, nCoV, Feb, Reuters, Food, Drug, Administration, Tuesday, extended, detection, tool, Centers, Disease, Control, Prevention, qualified|authorization,Disease,Administration,Food,Drug|cdc,fda,disease,and,centers,administration,prevention,control,drug,u,s,food,for|1580811720
5e3e675eff976e92724b70b0|TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan confirmed an additional three cases of the new coronavirus among evacuees from the Chinese city of Wuhan, including one who initially tested negative, the health ministry said on Saturday, bringing the country’s total to 20 cases. One of the three, a man in his 40s who had symptoms such as fever and coughing, first tested negative for coronavirus, the ministry said. But the man, who was initially diagnosed with pneumonia, later confirmed positive for the virus with an additional test, it said. The government plans to send another chartered plane mid-week or later to bring back Japanese nationals who are still in China’s Hubei province and its capital Wuhan, where the disease is thought to have originated, the foreign ministry said on Sunday. Japan has emailed its citizens in the province to tell them of its plan, and is negotiating with China about Chinese spouses of Japanese citizens who also wish to travel to Japan, it said. China is facing mounting isolation amid increasing international travel curbs and flight suspensions as the death toll from the coronavirus outbreak rose to 259. Japan on Saturday moved to contain the economic impact of the outbreak as strict new measures aimed at limiting the spread of the virus came into effect.|Japan, coronavirus, ministry, China, confirmed, additional, cases, Chinese, Wuhan, initially, tested, negative, Saturday, man, virus, Japanese, province, citizens, travel, outbreak|province,initially,virus,Japan,citizens|wuhan,chinese,hubei,china,japan,japanese,tokyo,s|1580573100
5e3d0d0e5c164d20448c0a77|"Since the Chinese city of Wuhan announced the first cases of coronavirus 31 December 2019, the figures already exceed 23,000 people infected and 490 dead worldwide, and the number of countries affected round twenties. Globally, the number of deaths is still well below other viruses such as seasonal flu. However, seeing that the transmission of the virus went beyond China's borders, the World Health Organization (WHO) finally declaring a global health emergency last Thursday. Meanwhile, scientists are trying to understand how this virus against the clock works, how to infect our cells and how it is transmitted between humans. Over the past 20 days, more than 50 reports have been published on the coronavirus, according to the journal Nature. Of these, more than half are in repositories ""pre-print"", ie servers that allow sharing scientific articles in open while are reviewed for publication in academic journals. In an unprecedented agreement, more than 70 organizations (including large publishers such as Nature, Cell and The Lancet and institutions like the British Academy Medical Sciences or the National Institutes of Health US) have pledged to make public all his works, without waiting to be reviewed for formal publication. So, not only they are sharing all discoveries about the coronavirus with WHO, but are also available for anyone to read from anywhere in the world. BioRxiv is a repository that these days is publishing numerous studies on the nature of the coronavirus (20 last week), while his counterpart MedRxiv addresses aspects related to health (and has published 14 reports on this virus in the same period ). In addition, scientists are putting the genetic sequences of the coronavirus available to the international community in real time. This collaborative momentum that has already been key years with the outbreak of SARS or swine flu early, it is also crucial today to assess the situation and guide policy actions. To date, the coronavirus is less lethal than SARS, for example. However, a certain mutation in their genome could dramatically increase its virulence. In emergency situations is a priority to inform politicians and health quickly. The publication of an article in academic journals is a demanding process that involves months or years of work, delaying the arrival of the findings of a research group to the rest of the community. Now, the possibility of sharing before its formal publication allows reacting to epidemics in a coordinated manner and as they develop. ""Quick access to information is essential to contrast everything that is happening globally,"" says Ester Lazarus, who investigates evolution of virus at the Center for Astrobiology. That publications are freely accessible also it allows the scientific community to evaluate the work, whether or not subscribed to the magazine turn. ""These repositories eliminate access barriers while reducing delays, so they are a great way to accelerate scientific breakthrough,"" says Thomas Faust, scientific publishing Hindawi. The Achilles heel of the ""pre-print"" repositories is its reliability, because the work has not previously been examined by other scientists, unlike those published in magazines. From BioRxiv and MedRxiv remember, with a note on each item, which is preliminary reports pending review. ""These repositories are an extremely valuable resource, but should be used with caution and responsibility,"" warns Faust. ""Readers should be aware that these studies have not checked with the rigor of the usual peer review in academic journals,"" he adds. The BioRxiv himself published a study on the similarity of the coronavirus with the AIDS virus containing serious technical failures. However, scientists quickly detect these errors and the item is removed from the server and shows that the ""pre-print"" repositories are subject to the intense scrutiny of the scientific community. ""Immediate access to what they are doing other researchers and to discuss your articles in a fluid way I think the biggest advantage [of these repositories]"" argues Lazarus."|coronavirus, repositories, virus, scientific, scientists, published, publication, community, health, reports, pre, print, sharing, academic, journals, BioRxiv, work, access, number, flu|health,virus,sharing,BioRxiv,flu|wuhan,nature,biorxiv,astrobiology,health,sars,academy,world,lancet,medrxiv,lazarus,thomas,institutes,who,s,for,faust,british,the,of,medical,cell,center,aids,ester,chinese,organization,sciences,china,national|1580853877
5e3e6552a6201cadba7c812a|Fuel prices saw a marginal dip on Tuesday due to softening of international crude oil rates as demand declined following the outbreak of coronavirus in China. The price of petrol was cut by 12 paise and that of diesel by 14 paise across all major cities on Tuesday. The petrol now costs Rs 73.60 a litre in Delhi, Rs 79.21 a litre in Mumbai, Rs 76.22 a litre in Kolkata and Rs 76.44 a litre in Chennai after the price cut. Similarly, diesel costs Rs 66.58 a litre in Delhi, Rs 69.79 a litre in Mumbai, Rs 68.94 per litre in Kolkata and Rs 70.33 a litre in Chennai, according to the Indian Oil Corporation website. The rising number of coronavirus cases and lockdown of several cities in China have impacted crude demand in that country. China is the second largest consumer of crude oil. Petrol and diesel prices in India might fall further in the coming days as people are restricting their travel plans to China leading to decrease in demand. The retail prices of fuel are dependent on the international crude prices and the rupee-US dollar exchange rate as India imports almost 80 per cent of its crude requirements. Domestic petrol and diesel prices are reviewed by oil marketing companies on a daily basis. Price revisions are implemented at the fuel stations with effect from 6 am.|Rs, litre, prices, crude, China, diesel, oil, demand, petrol, Tuesday, international, coronavirus, price, cut, paise, cities, costs, Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata|Kolkata,crude,international,Mumbai,costs|india,mumbai,delhi,chennai,oil,china,corporation,kolkata,indian|1580196000
5e414807b727ac2cbdeceace|"Portuguese citizens who will be withdrawn from China on an A380 arrive at the Figo Maduro terminal in Lisbon on Saturday morning. The plane that left Beja this Thursday morning chartered by France will withdraw more than 130 European citizens. It is the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority that is coordinating the repatriation of the Portuguese who will make the trip from France to Lisbon on a C130 military plane. As the PUBLIC has progressed, national citizens coming from the Chinese city of Wuhan will be screened at the airport before the trip and again at the airport when they arrive in Portugal. The Portuguese Foreign Minister said this Thursday that the repatriation operation of Portuguese and other Europeans living in the Chinese city of Wuhan, where a dangerous coronavirus originated, is very complex and requires absolute discretion. ""We confirm that the Portuguese residents of Wuhan and that they have requested repatriation to Portugal are part of the repatriation operation being organised at European level with the participation of Portugal, but to be successful this operation needs to be surrounded by the necessary discretion and prudence,"" Augusto Santos Silva told the Lusa Agency."|Portuguese, repatriation, citizens, Wuhan, Portugal, operation, arrive, Lisbon, morning, plane, Thursday, France, European, trip, Chinese, city, airport, discretion, withdrawn, China|citizens,withdrawn,operation,plane,airport|wuhan,portuguese,portugal,silva,france,beja,emergency,and,lisbon,augusto,santos,lusa,agency,civil,figo,european,maduro,europeans,protection,chinese,china,authority,national,a380,public|1580404780
5e4b5db12319c47cc7868a80|BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - The number of new coronavirus infections in mainland China fell below 2,000 on Tuesday for the first time since January, although global experts warn it is still too early to say the outbreak is being contained. The economic fallout from the epidemic spread to U.S. technology titan Apple, which warned of iPhone shortages and lower than expected revenue, while South Korea’s president called the situation in his country an economic emergency. Tough restrictions on travel and movement have helped to limit the spread of the virus outside the epicenter in Hubei province, but at great cost to the Chinese economy and global business. Apple Inc become the latest company to flag lower revenue as a result of the epidemic, saying it would not meet its guidance for the March quarter because of slower iPhone production and weaker demand in China. The U.S. technology company’s manufacturing facilities in China had begun to reopen but they were ramping up more slowly than expected, and the resulting iPhone shortages would hit sales, it said in a statement to investors. “The health and well-being of every person who helps make these products possible is our paramount priority,” Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said in a statement released by Apple. China is the world’s biggest market for smartphones and some analysts have estimated that the virus may slash demand for handsets by half in the first quarter in China. Analysts at Nomura again downgraded their China first-quarter economic growth forecast, to 3%, half the pace in the fourth quarter, and said there was a risk it could be even weaker. “Too much damage has already been done and initial policy stimulus will not be very effective,” they said in a note on Monday. “China is experiencing the rare case of simultaneous demand and supply shocks.” South Korea President Moon Jae-in declared an economic emergency on Tuesday and promised measures to stimulate demand and shield businesses from the impact of the coronavirus outbreak. Hong Kong increased government handouts to businesses and the Hospital Authority to HK$28 billion ($3.6 billion) from HK$25 billion pledged previously, to ease the impact on the Chinese-ruled city’s battered economy. The moves came after economic data released in Japan, the world’s third-largest economy, and regional finance and travel hub Singapore, pointed to possible recession in the coming quarter. China’s state assets regulator said the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on industries would mainly appear in February, suggesting the worst may still be to come in terms of business activity. The rapidly spreading virus claimed another 98 lives in mainland China, bringing the total death toll there to 1,868, the National Health Commission said. There were 1,886 new confirmed infections for a total of 72,436. The number of new daily infections in mainland China had not been below 2,000 since Jan. 30, while the daily death toll had not come under 100 since Feb. 11. Outside of China, there are 827 cases in 26 countries and regions and five deaths. Chinese authorities say the stabilization in the number of new cases is a sign that measures they have taken to halt the spread of the disease are having an effect. Still, the virus spread quickly and global health authorities had to remain on guard against a wider outbreak, said Jimmy Whitworth, professor of International Public Health, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. “We can hope that the reports of falling numbers of new cases in China does show that the epidemic has peaked in Hubei province, but it is still too early to be sure that this is so,” he said. “In the meantime health services in other countries need to remain vigilant to identify all cases and to prevent onward transmission to their populations.” World Health Organization Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said Chinese data “appear to show a decline in new cases”. “This trend must be interpreted very cautiously. Trends can change as new populations are affected,” he added. Confusion over virus information in China saw conflicting reports about the death of a top doctor in the Hubei capital Wuhan, with state media reporting he had died but family members saying he was still alive and fighting the disease. More than 300 American cruise liner passengers, including 14 who tested positive for coronavirus, were flown to military bases in the United States, after two weeks under quarantine off Japan. Around half of all known cases of the virus outside China have been found aboard the Diamond Princess in Yokohama, where around 400 people have tested positive since the cruise liner was ordered to stay under quarantine off Japan on Feb. 3. Ground crew in anti-contamination suits met a chartered jet that touched down at Joint Base San Antonio in Texas, and passengers could be seen climbing down the stairs wearing face masks in the pre-dawn mist. Another flight landed at Travis Air Force Base in California hours earlier. Those arriving were taken into a two-week quarantine. Although U.S. officials said passengers with coronavirus symptoms would not be taken, 14 passengers found at the last minute to have tested positive were permitted to board the planes. The U.S. State Department said the infected passengers were kept in isolation on the flights. Several other countries have announced plans to follow the United States in bringing passengers home. Around half of the 3,700 passengers and crew are Japanese. Authorities around the world were also trying to track down passengers from another cruise liner, the Westerdam, which was turned away from ports across Southeast Asia for two weeks before docking in Cambodia on Thursday. One American passenger who disembarked in Cambodia tested positive for the virus in Malaysia on Saturday. Carnival Corp., which operates both cruise liners, said it was cooperating with authorities in trying to trace other passengers from the Westerdam. None of the other 1,454 passengers and 802 crew had reported any symptoms, it said.|China, passengers, virus, cases, coronavirus, economic, quarter, outbreak, spread, Apple, Chinese, demand, half, cruise, tested, positive, number, infections, mainland, global|virus,economic,number,global,demand|commission,texas,tropical,travis,state,wuhan,ghebreyesus,adhanom,yokohama,department,malaysia,health,force,cook,medicine,princess,beijing,tim,jae,carnival,world,singapore,united,diamond,hubei,moon,and,japan,apple,ruled,japanese,westerdam,in,international,u,s,kong,hospital,california,school,base,american,cambodia,jimmy,whitworth,london,of,hygiene,san,south,inc,korea,southeast,hong,nomura,antonio,chinese,organization,joint,corp,china,states,asia,authority,iphone,national,still,air,shanghai,public,tedros|1581953520
5e412666580f2ab8cd8a060d|"The World Health Organisation (WHO) is not quick to declare global public health emergencies. From 2007 through 2019, the United Nations agency did so on only five occasions. The rapidly spreading new coronavirus that originated in December in China's Wuhan makes a sixth. The fallout from the organisation's Jan 30 call has spread rapidly. Four days later, the total number of countries placing border restrictions on Chinese travellers has surged to 60. They include Australia, India, Indonesia, Singapore, New Zealand, Russia and North Korea, and many countries have evacuated or are attempting to evacuate their citizens from Hubei province at the epidemic's epicentre. ""Our greatest concern is the potential for the virus to spread to countries with weaker health systems"" than China's, WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said in a tweet. ""I am declaring a public health emergency of international concern… not because of what is happening in China, but because of what is happening in other countries."" The new coronavirus, known as 2019-nCoV, can lead to severe and often deadly pneumonia. Even as the number of infections and deaths rapidly mounted in Hubei's capital Wuhan and cases appeared in a growing number of other countries, the WHO took a deliberate approach to evaluating the danger. The agency's emergency committee, in meetings on Jan 22-23, initially decided not to designate it a global crisis pending collection of more data. A week later, the WHO declared the coronavirus the first global public health emergency originating in China. Such a designation did not apply to even the severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars) epidemic 17 years ago. A look at how the organisation reached its decision shows some of the inner workings of the global system for preventing and managing the spread of dangerous new diseases . The system relies on the rapid sharing of information among national health systems and the global public health organisation. Although some Chinese officials have drawn criticism internally and abroad for initially trying to downplay the crisis, the WHO's Dr Tedros maintains China was quick to share information, enhancing the global response. ""In many ways, China is setting a new standard for outbreak response,"" Dr Tedros said at a press conference. ""We would have seen many more cases outside China by now, and probably deaths, if not for the government's efforts."" Data from China on the pathogen allowed Japan, South Korea and Thailand to diagnose similar cases quickly, he said. For example, a Chinese laboratory warned the German government of an infected person returning to Germany. Dr Tedros, an Ethiopian public health expert, arrived on Jan 27 in Beijing to meet Chinese officials. During his visit, President Xi Jinping called on the country to be transparent in working with the rest of the world and agreed to allow the WHO to send a group of international experts into the country to study the new strain of coronavirus alongside Chinese counterparts. Those data-gathering steps helped fill the information gap that kept the WHO's emergency panel from issuing its global warning sooner. Before the Jan 22-23 meetings, the lack of information on the virulence, infectiousness, severity and clinical symptoms of the coronavirus made reaching a consensus difficult, WHO emergency committee member John Mackenzie told media company Caixin. The global organisation had evidence of transmission of the virus within a household, but that is not unusual for a respiratory disease. The experts were looking for ""third-or fourth-generation infections"", referring to how many times a disease has been passed on, an indication of virulence. That evidence came quickly, laying the groundwork for the emergency committee to issue its global warning . Some argue that compared with the 2003 Sars crisis, the Chinese government has been much more transparent about the current coronavirus. ""Before we start pointing the finger at China, we need to recognise there are genuine sensitivities around sharing data around new diseases,"" said Dr Mike Ryan, director of the WHO's health emergencies programme who accompanied Dr Tedros to Beijing. ""I believe in this case the countries that have been affected, including China, have been remarkably transparent."" According to US Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, China's compliance with international health regulations and uploading of the genetic sequence of the virus enabled the Americans to develop a test kit to screen for infections. Under the WHO-administered International Health Regulations, a global public health emergency applies to ""an extraordinary event which is determined to constitute a public health risk to other states through the international spread of disease and to potentially require a coordinated international response"". Since 2007, the WHO has declared public health emergencies in response to the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic, the 2014 setbacks in global polio eradication efforts, the 2014 West Africa Ebola epidemic, the 2016 Zika virus outbreak and the 2018-2019 Kivu Ebola epidemic. The organisation's emergency committee, which makes the call, is made up of epidemiologists, virologists and infectious disease experts. Among them, at least one expert comes from the country where the epidemic began. The panel can also make recommendations to foreign governments on measures such as travel or trade restrictions. Even during serious crises, the WHO is conservative in its pronouncements. Through July last year, the Kivu Ebola epidemic killed 1,500 and infected more than 2,300 after appearing in the Democratic Republic of Congo in August 2018 and spread to nearby countries . The disease was not declared an international public health emergency until the WHO's fourth emergency committee meeting last July. Three factors weighed on the current WHO decision, according to Professor Didier Houssin, chairman of the WHO emergency committee. They were the rising number of cases in China, the growing number of countries with confirmed infections and the spread of questionable measures by some nations involving travellers. While the emergency committee does not encourage travel or trade restrictions, it acknowledges that such steps can be useful at times, such as when response capabilities are limited or when there is a large likelihood of infection among vulnerable groups. Under the International Health Regulations, countries are required to report travel restrictions to the WHO, and they are barred from taking steps that encourage discrimination. After news broke of the coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, many countries imposed increasingly stringent measures. In addition to posting travel warnings and tightening border controls, several counties implemented preliminary screening measures using their own public health organisations to diagnose those who may have come into contact with the virus even before they showed symptoms. The United States reacted especially quickly. On Jan 17, four days after Thailand reported its first case, the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said it would screen passengers arriving from Wuhan at major airports in New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco. At the time, the US had not reported any cases of the disease. After it did so, the country expanded screenings of Chinese passengers to 20 airports while also advising against all travel to China . Last Friday, the US declared the coronavirus epidemic a public health emergency and temporarily closed its borders to foreign nationals who had travelled to China in the previous two weeks and are not immediate family members of US citizens or permanent residents. The government also imposed mandatory two-week quarantines for those who were in China's Hubei province during that time span. As she confirmed Europe's first case of the coronavirus on Jan 24, French Health Minister Agnes Buzyn promised total transparency and daily updates to combat misinformation. She said sharing epidemic information with the public was the best barrier to its spread. Even though China shared the virus' genome sequence on Jan 11, researchers do not yet have a full grasp of its characteristics and routes of transmission, according to the WHO. Because developing a vaccine or treatment requires significant time and resources, all countries - including China and the US - should pool their efforts, said Dr Richard Hatchett, chief executive of the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (Cepi), an international epidemiology group. Cepi, made up of public and private entities, said on Jan 23 that it was funding research into three separate efforts to develop a vaccine for the coronavirus with the aim of shortening development time to several months. The US National Institutes of Health started research on vaccines after receiving the virus' genetic sequencing, Dr Anthony Fauci, director of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told CNN on Jan 20. He cautioned that the development process can last months or years, so controlling the epidemic will require ""traditional"" public health measures. So long as there is no vaccine, the only available measures for slowing the spread of the disease are quarantine, delaying resumption of work and schools and restricting travel, Dr Hatchett said last month at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland . He cautioned that the cost of these measures is high and difficult to sustain. From studying non-medical interventions in the 1980s, the US found that disease prevention is more effective when a city implements various interventions during the onset of an outbreak, Dr Hatchett said. As a US government public health official in 2005, Dr Hatchet helped draft the country's epidemic response plan in the light of the outbreak of the H5N1 influenza. • Xu Heqian, Wu Hongyuran, Qu Yunxu, Fu Lin, Zhang Qi, Chen Lixiong and Li Xin contributed to this article. • This article was first published by Caixin Global."|health, China, public, emergency, global, countries, coronavirus, epidemic, Dr, Jan, spread, disease, Chinese, virus, international, committee, measures, Health, response, travel|health,Chinese,virus,committee,disease|thailand,centres,nations,yunxu,health,caixin,singapore,germany,us,chen,didier,cepi,for,heqian,institute,fauci,h5n1,of,san,innovations,fu,2019,congo,regulations,ncov,xin,anthony,human,ghebreyesus,jinping,north,republic,york,hubei,li,forum,qu,wu,international,s,russia,infectious,ebola,global,lin,korea,services,german,john,french,chinese,hongyuran,mike,china,states,control,allergy,zika,adhanom,ethiopian,switzerland,davos,epidemic,beijing,world,india,united,francisco,west,alex,administered,institutes,hatchet,zhang,new,diseases,preparedness,cdc,azar,xi,houssin,hatchett,tedros,coalition,democratic,africa,wuhan,disease,economic,richard,sars,australia,americans,and,japan,prevention,kivu,angeles,who,lixiong,mackenzie,agnes,ryan,cnn,south,buzyn,xu,organisation,national,zealand,europe,los,qi|1580936400
5e3e9d50da3a8cc5419616e8|"According to the president of the Chinese Association of Travel Agents in France (ACAV), Pierre Shi, ""our activities have been abruptly suspended, there will be enormous losses as this is happening during China's longest holidays when the Chinese have a two weeks off to travel. Under normal circumstances, this time of year would be when we would be welcoming [the Chinese], which is low season in Europe."" With sales figures down by at least 33% for the 50 agencies who bring up to 150,000 Chinese tourists to France and Europe within ACAV, the agency is now looking to name a certain number of personnel as ""temporarily unemployed"" as the travel arrangements for the first quarter of 2020 have been cancelled. With 2 million visitors to France per year, China represents a significant share of the tourism market and are seen as the biggest spenders. Chinese tourists make up 7% of the overall dividend for France's tourism sector - to the tune of €4billion - but only represent 2.5% of all visitors coming to France. Chinese New Year is crucial for Paris tourism The lunar new year festivities from 25 january to 8 February, and the following two week period, are crucial for Paris' outlet stores specialising in luxury goods. In 2018 and 2019, Chinese tourists represented 10% of total sales in the tax-free market. Today, Chinese visitors account for 33% of sales in the luxury goods sector compared to only 10% back in 2003 when the SARS respiratory epidemic was at its peak. For professionals specialing in welcoming tourists to the French capital from China, the impact of the coronavirus outbreak has been immediate. Le Pen calls for a halt to all China flights Meanwhile, Marine Le Pen, president of the far-right National Rally, has called on the French govenrnment to consider suspending all flights coming from regions in China that are affected by the disease . This comes as a fourth case of the coronavirus was confirmed in France on Wedensday. In a tweet sent earlier today, Ms Le Pen wrote ""the number of confirmed cases of nCOV must push the government to consider the suspension of flights coming from Chinese regions hardest hit and give that country all the possible assistance France can give in the fight against this epidemic."" Le Pen's comments came as British Airways earlier announced the immediate suspension of flights to mainland China following a travel advisory issued by the UK government."|Chinese, France, China, tourists, Le, Pen, flights, travel, year, sales, visitors, tourism, coming, president, ACAV, welcoming, Europe, 33%, number, market|sales,flights,travel,Le,coming|airways,travel,sars,agents,france,shi,year,pen,in,s,acav,british,uk,association,marine,of,paris,new,pierre,chinese,french,ncov,china,le,national,europe,rally|1580311020
5e3facbe7789d687c1b759d6|"Tass, 22 January. The British Foreign Office advised its subjects not to go to Wuhan, China, because the new Colorado virus 2019 ncov caused pneumonia. The announcement was posted on the Department's website on Wednesday. In view of recent medical information, including reports of virus infection,] and suggestions of Chinese authorities, we suggest not to travel to Wuhan, Unless there is an urgent need. The safety of British citizens has always been our priority. We suggest that British citizens travel to China, ""Be alert and follow up on our recommendations,"" the report said. The UK Foreign Office also encourages travellers to accept any additional medical examination provided by local authorities in China."|British, China, Foreign, Office, Wuhan, virus, medical, authorities, suggest, travel, citizens, Tass, 22, January, advised, subjects, Colorado, 2019, ncov, caused|citizens,virus,Tass,22,authorities|british,wuhan,colorado,chinese,foreign,china,office,department,uk,s|1579738594
5e3f9e2ac7d7d06da7396daa|Moscow, Russian news agency February 7. Li Na, a former Chinese tennis player, was born in Wuhan, Three million yuan has been donated for the prevention and control of coronavirus, according to the report after preterm birth in southern China（ Li Na donates to Beijing Charity Foundation. The 37 year old Chinese woman ambassador is an ambassador of the foundation. She will donate medicine to Wuhan hospital. Hao Zhenmin, a football player, and Wang Shuang, a female football player, also donated 500000 yuan and 600000 yuan respectively to prevent and treat crown disease. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 31100 people are infected in China, 636 of whom have died. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. The first two cases belonging to coronavirus have been found in Russia's post Baikal border region and in the state of Qiuming.|Chinese, player, Wuhan, yuan, Li, Na, donated, coronavirus, China, ambassador, football, 2019, found, Moscow, Russian, agency, February, tennis, born, million|player,ambassador,tennis,found,Russian|baikal,shuang,russia,wuhan,beijing,colorado,qiuming,li,chinese,hubei,russian,na,china,zhenmin,foundation,charity,wang,hao,moscow,s|1581088020
5e3fa5227789d687c1b756da|"Tass, February 7. The International Handball Federation (FIFA) decided to change the venue of the youth world cup to women due to the outbreak of coronavirus in China. This is the IHF news service for reporting. The competition was originally scheduled to be held in China from August 18 to 30. ""The International Handball Federation and the China Handball Association decided that in view of the recent coronal light incident in China, China will not host the 2020 world young women's championships. I would like to thank the Chinese Handball Association for its support, understanding and willingness to restore the right to the world cup. It is in the interest of the players and ensures that there are credible plans for all participants, ""the FIFA statement said. The new venue will be decided at the February 27 meeting of the federal executive board. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, the disease has been found in 24 countries, including Russia About The World Health Organization recognizes an international emergency in Colorado, known as an epidemic with many hot spots. According to the latest data, there are more than 31100 cases of pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus in China. The World Health Organization (who) estimates that 150 million people died, 636 died and more than 1500 recovered in 2000. Human beings."|China, Handball, decided, world, 2019, February, International, Federation, FIFA, venue, cup, women, outbreak, Association, Chinese, ncov, pneumonia, virus, World, Health|International,virus,ncov,Federation,pneumonia|ihf,russia,fifa,federation,wuhan,world,tass,colorado,chinese,organization,china,association,health,handball,international|1581113529
5e46a8b1135e9a4f6db2d705|MOSCOW (Reuters) - Royal Vopak, a Netherlands-based oil and gas tank storage company, has told clients that its annual reception during International Petroleum Week (IP Week) in London has been cancelled due to concerns over the coronavirus, two traders told Reuters on Friday. “Due to recent global developments concerning the spread of the coronavirus and after careful consideration, we unfortunately had to decide to cancel this year’s lunch,” Vopak said in a message sent to its clients and seen by Reuters. Vopak did not reply to a Reuters request for comment. Reuters has reported that  many oil companies based in Asia have decided to miss IP Week events this year due to the coronavirus epidemic. China’s coronavirus outbreak showed no sign of peaking, with health authorities on Friday reporting more than 5,000 new cases. IP Week is a key oil traders’ gathering in London every year in February. This year IP Week is scheduled for Feb. 24-27.|Reuters, IP, coronavirus, year, Vopak, oil, based, told, clients, London, due, traders, Friday, MOSCOW, Royal, Netherlands, gas, tank, storage, company|Netherlands,Vopak,based,traders,Friday|based,ip,petroleum,netherlands,china,asia,london,week,royal,reuters,vopak,international,moscow,s|1581686220
5e414bd87e27cd38d1b1ee91|"Most American companies operating in the Chinese market admit that the coronov rus epidemic epidemic will have a negative effect on the activity and some are already accelerating their purchasing plans outside China, revealing a study by the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce, cited by the Reuters agency. About 25% of the reporting companies provides for a drop in revenue of at least 16% this year and more than one fifth of the interviewees admits a recoil of sales between 11% and 15%. Only 13% of 127 companies that are subject to the study say that they do not expect any impact on activity due to the epidemic. As far as 16% of enterprises are concerned, the Chinese economy must contract more than 2$. CoronVirus 2019-nCoV has killed more than 630 people and has infected more than 30.000, according to the latest official data. Beijing is calling for an end to the travel restriction China has called for this sexat to countries that have restricted travel and trade because of the outbreak of the new coronavirus that began in the center of the country to lift these limitations, avoiding measures that may trigger panic. ""Some countries have adopted a number of travel and trade restrictions, including prohibiting the entry of foreigners who have visited China in the last 14 days, rejecting the entry of Chinese citizens with passports issued in Hubei Province, suspending issuing visas and cancelling flights, among others"", The Chinese ambassador at the UN, Li Song, said. China People's Bank on the Situation China's central bank will increase support for the economy to alleviate the impact of the coronavirus outbreak, but economic activity should only recover when the virus is under control, one of its vice-presidents said this Friday Yeah. The People's Bank of China is closely following the impact of the outbreak on the world's second largest economy, and preparing monetary policy instruments to offset the pressure, said Vice President Pan Gongsheng in a press interview quoted by Reuters. ""In terms of monetary policy, the next step will be to strengthen counter-cyclical adjustments, maintain broad and reasonable liquidity and provide a sound monetary and financial environment for the real economy,"" said Pan. According to the same source, the head of the central bank stressed that ""in the context of the epidemic and of negative pressure on the economy, it is more important to maintain economic growth."""|China, economy, Chinese, epidemic, companies, activity, impact, travel, outbreak, monetary, negative, study, Reuters, 16%, countries, trade, coronavirus, entry, People, Bank|impact,study,16%,activity,outbreak|people,un,situation,beijing,coronvirus,bank,hubei,li,gongsheng,reuters,s,american,of,song,chamber,2019,commerce,chinese,ncov,china,shanghai,pan,province|1581089068
5e43fb145f23719b6c6f6436|GENEVA (Reuters) - China’s coronavirus outbreak poses a “very grave threat for the rest of the world” and should be viewed as “Public Enemy Number 1”, the head of the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday. WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus urged countries to step up measures to detect and contain the virus, especially in at least 30 countries with weaker health systems, where it could “create havoc”. The virus has been named COVID-19, for coronavirus disease 2019, with no geographical association, he said. Tedros, referring to some governments’ counter-terrorism measures, said: “To be honest, a virus is more powerful in creating political, economic and social upheaval than any terrorist attack. “A virus can have more powerful consequences than any terrorist action. If the world doesn’t want to wake up and consider this enemy virus as Public Enemy number 1, I don’t think we will learn from our lessons,” he said. China has reported 42,708 confirmed confirmed cases, including 1,017 deaths, Tedros said, noting that there were fewer than 400 cases in 24 other countries with one death. WHO began a two-day meeting, where it appealed for sharing virus samples and speeding up research into drugs and vaccines. “The first vaccine could be ready in 18 months. So we have to do everything today using the available weapons to fight this virus while preparing for the long term using the preparations for the vaccines,” Tedros said. “With 99% of cases in China, this remains very much an emergency for that country, but one that holds a very grave threat for the rest of the world,” he told more than 400 researchers and national authorities, including some taking part by video conference from mainland China and Taiwan. Tedros, speaking to reporters on Monday, referred to “some concerning instances of onward transmission from people with no travel history to China”, citing cases this week in France and Britain. Five British nationals were diagnosed with the coronavirus in France, after staying in the same ski chalet with a person who had been in Singapore. “The detection of this small number of cases could be the spark that becomes a bigger fire. But for now it’s only a spark. Our objective remains containment,” he said. Hong Kong residents evacuated from a residential building where a man and woman confirmed with coronavirus live tested negative for the virus, health authorities said on Tuesday, easing concerns of a cluster of the outbreak in the Chinese-ruled city. Many questions remain about the origin of the virus, which emerged at a wildlife market in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in December, and is spread by people in droplets from coughing or sneezing. “We hope that one of the outcomes of this meeting will be an agreed roadmap for research around which researchers and donors will align,” Tedros told the meeting.|virus, Tedros, China, cases, coronavirus, world, countries, confirmed, meeting, outbreak, grave, threat, rest, Public, Enemy, Tuesday, measures, health, powerful, terrorist|health,virus,Tedros,powerful,confirmed|taiwan,wuhan,ghebreyesus,adhanom,health,19,to,world,france,singapore,geneva,covid,ruled,s,kong,british,britain,monday,enemy,hong,organization,chinese,china,tedros,public|1581440940
5e3d05cffec3b035912c9768|Luis Enjuanes directs the laboratory coronavirus the National Center for Biotechnology of the Higher Council for Scientific Research (CSIC), international reference. Question. Why so coronavirus grabbing attention? Reply. Until 2002, when SARS emerged, only we knew four affecting humans. They are those that cause the common cold. The rest was just sick animals. But in 2002 the SARS emerged and in 2012 the MERS, which have caused more than 1,500 deaths. Q. And how is this possible? A. coronavirus are RNA viruses that change every time genetically replicated. We talk about trillions of variations of a virus. Sometimes two viruses are mixed. Further, the change occurs at the replicate a single virus, errors in copying. The resulting viruses can jump from one species to another. With SARS we saw that passed from bats to civets and the MERS the intermediate species was the camel. Q. And in Wuhan? R. A communication [on Friday] indicates that it is a recombination of a virus circulating in bats and another unknown. Q. Did not they say they were snakes focus? R. That they said, but there has been no one who has caught a snake and it has found the virus. They are theoretical hypotheses that have not been endorsed. The transmitting species is still a matter of debate. Q. How can one of these changes make a harmless virus to humans in a dangerous one? A. The key is to pass the virus to be recognized by human cells. They need to enter them to replicate. It may take many viruses in front of a cell, but if your recipients do not recognize them, nothing happens. Until there is one that fits and receivers let in him. When there are trillions of replications, this can happen. Q. What impact on public health may be capable of mutation of RNA viruses? R. There are two general rules in these cases. The first says that when a virus jumps species, not just be well-suited. This causes an accelerating effect of the mutations until optimize growth and multiplication, from which a slowdown occurs occurs. This, a priori, would increase the danger of the virus. But there is another general rule is that when the virus reaches a new species, are more virulent at the start and eventually will dim. This is because if they kill the person who acts as host can not be transmitted anymore. Instead, if they get sick but not much, that person will continue with their lives and expand the virus. Virulent least eventually prevails. Q. Why is there no vaccine? R. He could have, but it is not a simple process. Our laboratory and others have designed vaccines for SARS or MERS. Ours was the first in the world in 2000 succeeded in establishing a system of genetic engineering that synthesizes these new viruses in the laboratory to eliminate or modify their genes, in this case remove the so-called virulence. They kill viruses because these genes inhibit the immune response of the person. A removing these genes, attenuate and an attenuated virus is a vaccine candidate. Viruses that we have dimmed for SARS and MERS have demonstrated both in our laboratory and in the US that provide 100% immunity in experimental mouse models. Q. And why not have developed? R. regulatory agencies in Europe and the United States imposes very strict criteria, which take several years to show that these attenuated viruses are harmless and safe. But in case of serious epidemics these periods are shortened if immediate action is required. If the current outbreak worsens, the vaccine could be approved very quickly. Q. But have attenuated virus Wuhan? If neither 20 days ago is known ... R. We have designed as synthesize in our laboratory. We accumulated technology and experience. In our field, it is fast being fundamental and got to work immediately. We are already working with the US Centers for development.|virus, viruses, laboratory, SARS, species, MERS, coronavirus, occurs, person, vaccine, genes, attenuated, 2002, emerged, humans, sick, RNA, change, trillions, replicate|attenuated,virus,vaccine,replicate,humans|development,wuhan,enjuanes,sars,united,us,higher,luis,council,for,the,of,research,mers,scientific,center,centers,states,biotechnology,national,europe|1580105873
5e3d04d5588ee0052ab34bea|"Seven days ago the Chinese government decided to cut the links between Wuhan with the rest of the world. The city remains encircled since, as a way to combat the spread of the coronavirus 2019-nCoV that emerged there and has already become a global epidemic. This newly discovered pathogen has proved more contagious than SARS, whose numbers of infections in China has already passed, though less deadly. Meanwhile and despite everything, life inside Wuhan continues. Just a dozen passengers, all wearing masks. Wednesday January 22 this aircraft was one of the last bound for Wuhan. Would end up being one of the last no more, but that no one knew it then. The outbreak of coronavirus had already broken out, but the city of 11 million, would not be closed until the next day. On board was Xian Pin, who was heading to the city because of a professional commitment. ""It is very important, if anything happen to have me not come. I chose to limit my trip to the maximum, so tomorrow I'll fly back home. I'm very worried"". One of the first consequences of the blockade was the avalanche of people headed to supermarkets and shopping centers in search of products that supply their pantries to a close with no expiration date. As coveted as food were masks, considered as the most important protection and whose use is mandatory in public spaces. People were queuing in pharmacies to buy them, until they were exhausted. To avoid shortages, the Government launched a special channel supplies to reach the city in trucks like the one pictured. This particular one came from a neighboring town in the province of Hebei. ""Inside carry necessities and masks,"" explained the driver, a young boy. The government also established a price control to prevent speculation. The closure of the city affects a large number of people. A lot happens like this man, who owns a street food stall. During the holidays of the Chinese New Year he could not return to their home. To improve hygiene washed in public corner bath. ""Wuhan jiayou!"" He shouted to the leave. Wuhan Cheer !, an expression of encouragement that has become popular among the population. Temperature controls have become somewhat common in the city. Armed with a digital thermometer, this hotel used to consider ""each and every one of the people"" entering the building. What if the reading indicates any of your guests fever? ""We would have no choice but to alert the authorities."" The situation in hospitals in Wuhan soon began to be dramatic. Medical personnel at ringside jeopardizes their health, working tirelessly and with insufficient means. Monday 27 died first, the cardiologist Liang Wudong, infected while attending patients. Chinese social networks and have dubbed Baise tianshi: white angels. For two hours the day some hospitals allow family members of infected come to check the health of their loved ones, who have no way to keep in touch. also take the opportunity to let them get gifts and food. Just outside the city, the plan is to build just 10 days in a hospital of 1,000 beds. A group of workers waiting truck that picks to take up the construction area. Several small charge rolled mattresses, which suggests to spend the night somewhere close to work. Operators as they are charging up to three times their usual salary, but the pace of work does not allow a breathing space. One recognizes that although they are aware of the importance of their work, ""the conditions are very harsh."" The street dogs often appear, some with necklace and hair care, wandering alone. Anxiety to avoid any possible source of infection has caused a wave of retirements of pets in Wuhan. This week, authorities deepened the blockade of the city to prohibit the transit of private vehicles. With this measure, the government seeks to limit the maximum mobility of citizens, a majority of whom opt for shelter inside their homes. Wuhan has been turned into a ghost town. Wuhan is the ninth most populous city in China, with 11 million inhabitants. Like all great urban centers of the country, it combines modern architecture with humble constructions. A stylistic hodgepodge uneven reflecting the rapid economic growth the country has experienced in recent decades. Most wuhaneses have faith in the ability of authorities to address this crisis and support the measure to close the city. Residents are limited to precautions and stoically endure the inconvenience. Schools have extended holidays and remain closed until further notice. Despite being isolated from the rest of the world and threatened by an unknown virus, life in Wuhan follows. And for some it is much like it was before."|Wuhan, city, Chinese, government, masks, people, close, food, authorities, work, days, rest, world, coronavirus, China, life, inside, 11, million, closed|authorities,days,government,11,world|wuhan,wudong,chinese,ncov,china,xian,cheer,liang,baise,year,hebei,new,sars,pin,2019|1580391362
5e3e654fa6201cadba7c8113|Asian stocks and currencies tumbled further on Thursday, as the rising death toll from a virus spreading from China led airlines to cut flights and stores to close, increasing pressure on the world’s second-largest economy as fears of a pandemic grow. European stocks are also set to fall. EuroSTOXX 50 futures and DAX futures are down 0.8 per cent. FTSE futures point to a negative open in London. US stock futures, down 0.6 per cent, suggest a negative open on Wall Street. The number of confirmed deaths from the virus in China has climbed to 170 with 7,711 people infected, and more cases are being reported around the world. Chinese factories have extended holidays, global airlines cut flights and Sweden’s Ikea said it would shut all of its stores in China to help contain the outbreak. Economists have begun slashing the country’s growth outlook. The news flow in the past couple of hours has been quite bleak, said Prashant Newnaha a Singapore-based strategist at TD Securities. So the risk off tone continues. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS fell 2 per cent to a seven-week low and has now dropped for six straight sessions. Japan's Nikkei fell nearly 2 per cent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 2.3 per cent and Taiwan's benchmark index slumped 5.8 per cent in its first session since the Lunar New Year break. Yields on benchmark 10-year US Treasuries, which fall when prices rise, hit a three-month low of 1.5600 per cent. Gold nudged higher. The World Health Organisation’s Emergency Committee is due to reconvene later in the day to decide whether the rapid spread of the virus now constitutes a global emergency. There’s a buyers strike. Lot of reasons to sell and no reason to buy, so you’re seeing this bleeding, said Chris Weston, Head of Research at Melbourne brokerage Pepperstone. There is some concern about tonight’s presser by the WHO . The fear is that they might raise the alarm bells...so people are taking money off the table. Singapore-traded futures for Chinese markets - which have been closed since January 23 and re-open on Monday - dropped 2 per cent and have fallen 10 per cent in the 10 days since the spread of the virus began to roil markets. Currencies and commodities Trade exposed Asian currencies and commodities sensitive to Chinese demand extended losses as economists made deep cuts to their China growth forecasts. The Chinese yuan reversed Wednesday’s gains to weaken 0.2 per cent. The Australian dollar hit a 3-1/2-month low and the kiwi dollar was a fraction above a two-month low. The Taiwan dollar fell half a percentage point to its lowest this year. The Thai baht, exposed to inbound tourism from China, has shed 3 per cent in a week. Oil prices, a barometer of the expected impact of the virus on the world’s economy, resumed their slide. Brent crude shed a percentage point and has dropped 10 per cent since Jan 20. Chicago soybean futures slid for an eighth straight session on growing fears that promised Chinese purchases of US farm goods will not materialise. China is the kingpin of the global commodities market, ING economists said in a note. The longer factories remain closed, travel restricted and construction stalled, the larger the ramifications. SARS 2.0? Most analysts have looked to the impact from the 2002-2003 spread of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which killed 800 people and pounded tourism and confidence, albeit briefly. Yet the number of infections has already almost exceeded the 8,000 total SARS cases and, nearly two decades later, China’s share of the world economy has increased fourfold. Citi expects China’s 2020 growth to slow to 5.5% because of the virus, after previously predicting it to be 5.8%, with the sharpest slowdown this quarter. That is even more bearish than J.P. Morgan and ING economists, who forsee a slowdown to 5.6 per cent . Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell acknowledged on Wednesday the risks from any slowdown in the Chinese economy but said it was too early to say what the extent of the impact would be on the United States. SARS is a base case but until we get more information it’s very difficult for markets to gauge, said Jim McCafferty, Joint Head of APAC Equity Research at Nomura in Hong Kong. It’s very difficult for investors to get a gauge for the magnitude of this, if this is going to be multi-day or a multi-week or a multi-month event.|cent, China, virus, futures, Chinese, world, economy, fell, low, 10, month, SARS, point, open, people, global, growth, dropped, spread, markets|low,virus,point,futures,fell|taiwan,thai,wall,jim,eurostoxx,health,australian,newnaha,sars,citi,world,singapore,seng,united,us,emergency,ftse,traded,td,japan,federal,brent,year,weston,reserve,street,who,s,dax,prashant,kong,equity,lunar,mccafferty,nikkei,ikea,ing,research,london,european,new,chicago,hang,hong,asian,nomura,based,chris,committee,chinese,melbourne,china,organisation,asia,securities,j,states,pacific,pepperstone,jerome,sweden,apac,p,morgan,powell|1580333340
5e3d04cb588ee0052ab34bdb|"A sobao Martinez. What is a needle in a haystack task facing the Herculean to find one of these rolls in China. So not go unnoticed its appearance, along with coffee with hot milk and a sandwich of ham and cheese on served aboard the flight breakfast charter this evening [on Friday] returned has to Madrid to 21 Spanish repatriates from Wuhan -including whom he writes. They leave behind an isolated city of the rest of the world, the epicenter of the 2019-nCoV coronavirus, which has already caused 259 deaths and more than 11,000 infected in China. Everyone is back home and spend the next 14 days, maximum incubation period for the virus, quarantined in the Gómez Ulla military hospital in the capital. In opening the plastic wrap has been found that, gradually, the back normalcy to break into their lives. The aircraft that brought them back was a Boeing 747 jumbo jet, known as the ""queen of heaven"" for its enormous size. This two-story model accommodates 487 passengers transport, but this journey has taken only about 120. Taking advantage of the empty spaces, the organizing team has chosen to sit one person in each row and thus maximize distance between them. Clinical studies show that the ability of transmission of the virus greatly reduces more than a meter away. On the front it has prepared an isolation area if any of the passengers would show worrying symptoms during the 12-hour journey. Luckily, he has remained empty. This aircraft is owned by Wamos, an airline of Spain, and crew members are Spanish. They are protected by large white masks in the seats arranged one for each passenger. ""I am very happy to be here and bring you back home,"" says one of the hostesses. Ship engines are started at 9.30 local time, 12 hours after the operation coordinated by the Spanish consulate began in the city of Wuhan, with evacuees in private cars reaching the checkpoint on the outskirts of the airport. By the time the plane takes off, few eyes are open. After a night of great tension, preceded by 10 days of uncertainty, the passengers finally rest. Besides British and Spanish, also fly aboard four Danish and Norwegian. Asked to respect the UK authorities admit to not knowing what will happen to them or where they will be quarantined: another sign of how much detail of this plan have had to go improvising on the fly. The British consul acting Wuhan, which is on board and has led the field operation, addresses passengers through the PA system before it starts landing at a military base forces areas of the UK in Oxford . ""Thank you for your patience extraordinary. What we have achieved, overcoming huge obstacles, is an outstanding achievement. "" People burst into applause. At the Oxford reach the sky is gray, as if to prove that the British are beginning to disembark really are back on their land. There waiting ambulances, police, military and several buses. A new accesses the plane above-the crew has already exceeded the permitted number of hours work, makes nearly 29 that were launched, although in Hanoi could rest while waiting for permission from the authorities chinas-. Also enters a team of Spanish doctors, who after greeting are greeted with applause. As threatened, it starts to rain when the aircraft takes off again, even more empty. At seven in the evening in Madrid and night he is leaning over, lands on the Torrejón Air Base. Only then is confirmed that the four Danish and Norwegian citizens are waiting for them on the track a jet of the armed forces of Denmark, which will take them immediately to Copenhagen. Before leaving, a team of health workers measures the temperature of the evacuees: no more than 37 degrees. On land, police officers greet them, welcoming them home. Then a police convoy of more than a dozen vans and two ambulances escorted them on the way to the hospital. There awaits a first medical examination, the first of many to come over the next 14 days. Being in Wuhan, they seemed difficult to believe that they would soon be back home. Now it is strange to think that once stood there, and for breakfast there was sobaos Martinez."|back, Spanish, Wuhan, home, passengers, rest, days, military, aircraft, empty, team, British, waiting, police, Martinez, China, aboard, breakfast, evening, Madrid|waiting,aboard,days,British,aircraft|boeing,wuhan,mez,wamos,sobao,spain,sobaos,danish,pa,hanoi,n,british,madrid,base,on,ulla,norwegian,uk,g,2019,friday,ncov,china,denmark,herculean,torrej,oxford,air,copenhagen,spanish,martinez|1580563042
5e3faa7e7789d687c1b75902|"Moscow, 27 January. /tass/ Emergency workers in Moscow received a call Monday from a Chinese tourist who suddenly felt ill during the visit. According to the TASS agency of the capital Ministry of health, the symptoms of 2019-ncov coronary pneumonia have not been confirmed and need not be hospitalized. Earlier, some media reported that a bus carrying Chinese tourists had been stopped in Moscow, including citizens with symptoms of Colorado pneumonia. ""On January 27, a Chinese tourist from an organized group received an emergency call because he complained about his bad mood. The ambulance, which arrived eight minutes later, examined the patient. Since there are no symptoms that require hospitalization and expert monitoring, there is no need for hospitalization. ""His situation is satisfactory,"" said the IAEA interlocutor."|Moscow, Chinese, symptoms, 27, January, received, call, tourist, pneumonia, hospitalization, tass, Emergency, workers, Monday, suddenly, felt, ill, visit, TASS, agency|27,call,ill,visit,pneumonia|colorado,iaea,chinese,tass,moscow|1580173998
5e46a85d135e9a4f6db2d6dd|SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Years ago, when Randy Tinseth was still running Boeing’s sales account for United Airlines, the plane company’s designers pulled him aside. “They called me in and said we want to show United this interesting product and we can’t tell you about it until we get there,” Tinseth recalled. “We get to United and this dented silver case comes off the conveyer belt for bags and ... I don’t even know what is in it.” Out came the model of a futuristic, high-speed airliner called Sonic Cruiser. But the plane never made it off the ground, as airlines in the early 2000s put more emphasis on efficiency than speed. The company quickly shifted to the high-tech but more conventional 787 Dreamliner - so quickly that rival Airbus suggested the Sonic Cruiser was just a bluff. Tinseth, who recently told colleagues he plans to retire after 38 years at Boeing, said he had plenty of such stories about rollercoaster bets in an often-volatile industry. “I remember it was a couple years of talking about (the Sonic Cruiser) and then it turned into the 7E7 and the 787,” Tinseth said at the Singapore Airshow. The 60-year-old Montana-born engineer has attended dozens of shows as one of the industry’s most influential forecasters. This week’s expo, thinly attended because of SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus fears, is his last before stepping down as Boeing’s vice president of marketing. “In two days, you can get a sense of what is going on more than you ever could. This show is really about the virus without question, and it is about the MAX for us,” he said, referring to the 11-month-old grounding of Boeing’s best-selling model. Eighteen years after the ambitious Sonic Cruiser project died, and in the midst of a crisis over the 737 MAX, which was involved in two high-profile fatal crashes, Boeing has shelved another mid-sized jet project for further study. Whatever decisions Boeing takes now on mid-sized jets will shape its eventual path out of the MAX crisis, analysts say. So far, it has said abandoning the MAX and building a direct replacement is not an option. Tinseth declined to be drawn into a discussion on the mid-sized airliner situation. “The dynamic has changed. I’ll leave it at that,” he said. But he sees the trend towards lighter, nimble jets started by the 787 continuing. Such aircraft allow airlines to start new routes unavailable to thirstier, larger planes. And it is a trend that has paid off for Boeing, which sold 1,485 Dreamliners. But lately it has been on the losing side of the same battle, as airlines rushed to buy the smaller Airbus A321XLR. Tinseth began his career as a flight-test engineer on the aircraft the A321XLR and the potential Boeing mid-sized jet both aim to replace: the Boeing 757. With long wings and sporty engines, the out-of-production airliner remains his favourite Boeing model. “When it takes off you feel the performance in the back of your neck,” he said. He said his favourite aircraft by a competitor was Airbus’ strong-selling A350-900. But as usual in the jet marketing war, there was a sting in the tail. “I think we have got a huge advantage, but it’s a good airplane, unless you are under 5 feet tall and can’t reach the bins,” Tinseth joked. Airbus says its A350 overhead bins are among the largest. Tinseth said curbing emissions would be the industry’s main challenge of this century. “There are innovations that I don’t know yet, but we will find a way as an industry to innovate to address that problem,” he said. He poo-poohed as an old idea a “blended-wing body” airliner design Airbus presented this week, which Airbus says will greatly increase efficiency and reduce emissions. The Singapore Airshow this week included a rare appearance of both U.S. and Chinese fighter aerial demonstrations at the same event. Combined with the coronavirus fears, it was a surreal atmosphere for many. “It is kind of strange to go out on such a strange show but at the same time, it still probably makes this special,” Tinseth said. “I watched those airplanes flying today, the boom and the vroom.”|Boeing, Tinseth, Airbus, airliner, Sonic, Cruiser, industry, MAX, mid, sized, United, show, model, high, airlines, 787, years, jet, aircraft, plane|MAX,jet,airliner,plane,airlines|boeing,max,787,cruiser,cov,airbus,born,ll,sars,dreamliner,singapore,united,i,airlines,randy,2,757,u,s,airshow,7e7,a321xlr,sonic,chinese,montana,tinseth|1581594180
5e3f9ef4c7d7d06da7396de6|"Beijing, February 7 - Russian new socialist Anna latokolo. Russia this week successfully evacuated 128 Russian citizens from a new communication center in the city of kronaveros, Wuhan, China, and for many, the decision to leave was not easy. For those who observe the situation from the outside, it seems logical to choose to run home, but the opposite is true - many people think it's time to stay. Russian news agency successfully contacted a Russian girl staying in Wuhan to understand why she is not in qiumingzhou. On Wednesday, two Russian planes were flown from Hubei Province to ""144 – 128 Russians and 16 CIS citizens"" at the Qiuming medical rehabilitation center. They were all quarantined for 14 days and no one had any disease. Russian Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikov previously reported that according to the available information, there are 341 Russian citizens in Hubei Province, and 183 people have contacted the Embassy in China. Only 132 of them decided to return home. About As Russian ambassador to China Andrei Denisov said earlier, there are still many people who stay at home for family reasons, first of all, mixed families, and some who may feel better at home. Hubei also has a group of citizens working in some cooperative projects, such as engineers and technicians, who provide them with absolutely comfortable and safe living environment, As a result, many people decided to sit down rather than go to quarantine. ""It sounds strange, but for most of them, those who decide not to leave may have a safer stay on the ground,"" the ambassador added, ""This is a good example of someone trying to escape from there, because everything there is under strict health control, and citizens' lives are generally guaranteed."" Ye, who has been teaching at a university in Wuhan for several years, says there are many reasons to support his view. In order not to return home ""What stopped my evacuation? We think we should wait. Objectively speaking, we have enough food, we say, because I am here with two foreign colleagues. I have a Russian habit of having buckwheat and oatmeal at home, etc. About There are all kinds of rumors. For example, by March, all these things will continue. After a look, I understand that we will stick to it for a month at home. There is no need to go anywhere objectively. "" Elena RIA told me. But, she added, she also had some concerns. Another reason, I'll tell you, people, evacuate - always take risks. Yes, you know there will be some compatriots around you, all of which are very serious arrangements, but it's hard to avoid infection within a few hours of flying, If someone is ill or in the incubation period. That is to say, among other things, he stopped his fear. "" People's factors, habits and communication also influence the decision of the Russians. She acknowledged that, among other things, in Wuhan, she maintained the cohesion with her colleagues, Leaders' attention and responsibility to students. ""More importantly, we have a very good attitude. Those foreigners who stay here, we communicate, check information and share things every day, we are constantly monitoring and asking us how we feel, What we need. But even if you need something, it's inconceivable how to tell someone to go shopping at the risk of his life. "" About ""The administration of the university is trying to help us as much as possible. Today, for example, we have received Chinese medicine to strengthen immunity. The current impression is that they are doing something, What we can and think we have to do. "" I have a Chinese friend. She is a college student of mine in Russia. Now she teaches Russian in University, but in another province. She contacts me every day, you know, you don't feel abandoned. On January 1, she asked me if I needed a mask if I had any questions and if something happened suddenly, ""she said. The Russian added that since living in Wuhan for many years, habits and contacts have become mature. According to people, it's not easy to give up, but it's not just a job to return to Russia. Lost, I can't say goodbye to this page of my life. ""Student too."" Just think about it. I'm leaving now. Their situation is not very simple. I'll tell them from Russia that everything will be better, children, but I'll come home in case, ""Yelena stressed. She added that all of the above gave her confidence, ""of course, if someone abandons all of us, then we would have been evacuated."" About Yelena also recounts what she saw in the city from January 22 to 23, when the world watched in shock with news that 11 million cities had been isolated. ""Until the last time, I didn't wear a mask, which my French colleague gave me on January 22. Like many people, I have a feeling that it's influenza. At first, I said that it's not passed from person to person. I exercise in the gym every day, Every day with different people, with Xiaogan, pants, obviously, we are in danger, but nothing happened. "" She stressed that there was no panic in the city, and there was no sense of not knowing even January 23. "" ""We learned that the whole city will be closed in the evening of 22. I have been to the supermarket, shopping, and there are many people in line. The number of people in line is not less than half an hour. In the dormitory, I came back on the last bus. At 11 a.m. the next day, they shut down the traffic. 23. In the morning, we went to the supermarket again. There are not many products. Vegetables are bought by car, although this is not a cheap supermarket with imported products. There is no panic, but people are actively buying, ""she stressed. About A reporter from Russian news agency said she was surprised that ""many people basically buy vegetables, namely perishable food. In this case, Russia will buy rice and noodles, Although the Chinese also bought noodles, they were ready soon. This was not panic, but active purchase for just in case, and suddenly, if. ""The masks are gone. The whole city immediately clicks, puts on the masks, can't buy them, and has to find them. Then they appear on our campus and sell them, but I know, Some people have never bought it, ""Elena said. At the same time, according to her, it is not clear when the semester will start, and the authorities often extend their holidays. """" we are told that the semester will start online, and we do not know when, Maybe February 12 is the time, maybe in the future, it's likely to take classes online. "" I can't say for sure, but it looks like our university is also quarantined, at least dormitory, foreign students are accurate. She said students who are currently in other cities and countries for some reason are strongly advised not to return to Wuhan for the time being. "" About Students, as far as she knows, are also at the quarantine station, ""they are sitting in their own room, doing something, someone is reading, someone is surfing the Internet; now, in more difficult circumstances than us, someone is there, Who travels to other cities and is trapped there, they are more difficult than we are now. "" On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. In China, 636 people have the disease and more than 31100 people have it. More than 190 people were ill abroad, one of whom died. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|people, Russian, home, Wuhan, Russia, citizens, city, time, day, China, stay, Hubei, return, added, things, Chinese, January, Province, feel, university|citizens,day,added,Russian,stay|andrei,wuhan,qiuming,ria,internet,russian,anna,golikov,qiumingzhou,ll,beijing,i,m,denisov,hubei,xiaogan,yelena,russia,colorado,elena,ye,tatyana,russians,chinese,french,china,cis,province|1581046560
5e4a8f1aba08ac821c1a66b3|"Japanese actress Satomi Ishihara performed the first 'torch kiss' handover of the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics torch relay on Saturday during a rehearsal on the outskirts of the capital.Ishihara's handover in Hamura City formed part of a dress rehearsal for Tokyo 2020 organisers, who mimicked three legs of the relay that will last for 121 days in the build up to the Olympics that begin on July 24. The rehearsal comes amid worries the coronavirus outbreak could throw cold water on the Games. Japan, among the worst affected outside China where the virus is believed to have originated, reported its first death from the virus on Friday.  However, organisers have said cancellation or postponement were not being considered and that the Summer Olympics would go ahead as planned.At the dress rehearsal, hundreds of people lined the streets of Hamura to watch the event, which was complete with sponsorship floats and a heavy security presence as Tokyo 2020 organisers looked to iron out any issues.""There are many purposes of the rehearsal,"" Tokyo 2020 spokesman Masa Takaya told Reuters.""Today's rehearsal is focused on the entire operation. This will be the first and last time we do it.""""We want to check every aspect of it (the rehearsal) so we see this as an important opportunity.""  The torch relay begins in Fukushima on March 26 and will visit all 47 of Japan's prefectures ahead of the July 24 opening ceremony.Members of the Japan team who won the 2011 women's soccer World Cup will start the Japan leg after the Olympic flame arrives from Greece before approximately 10,000 other torchbearers carry on the tour.The relay is due to pass many of Japan's most iconic landmarks over the 121-day journey, including Mount Fuji, Hiroshima's Peace Memorial Park and Kumamoto Castle."|rehearsal, Japan, Tokyo, 2020, relay, torch, Olympics, organisers, Ishihara, handover, Summer, Hamura, dress, 121, July, 24, virus, ahead, Japanese, actress|virus,July,Japan,relay,organisers|peace,city,olympic,ishihara,memorial,greece,summer,world,japan,cup,reuters,japanese,tokyo,s,hiroshima,kumamoto,games,mount,castle,olympics,masa,fukushima,satomi,takaya,hamura,fuji,china,today,park,2020|1581756960
5e3fac8f7789d687c1b759c1|Tokyo, January 24. /tass/ Another received Colorado 2019-ncov treatment in Japan. Japan's Ministry of health, labor and welfare announced this Friday. A 40 year old Chinese citizen recently returned to Tokyo from Wuhan and was hospitalized after suffering from a new form of pneumonia, the Japanese government said. For Japan, this is the second case of new pneumonia. The Japanese government called on people not to panic, but suggested wearing masks and washing hands.|Japan, Tokyo, pneumonia, Japanese, government, January, 24, tass, received, Colorado, 2019, ncov, treatment, Ministry, health, labor, welfare, announced, Friday, 40|health,welfare,ncov,Japan,pneumonia|wuhan,colorado,chinese,japan,japanese,tokyo,s|1579837503
5e3fa6357789d687c1b7573f|Shanghai, February 5. /tass/ Xi'an airlines will send nine chartered planes to take about 2000 from the Philippines. In the context of the outbreak of new Colorado, Chinese tourists are unable to leave due to large-scale flight cancellations. Xinhua reported Wednesday. The charter will take Chinese citizens back to China from February 5 to 10. The first plane has left Manila on Wednesday afternoon. Six of the nine will be flown by Chinese citizens from Manila to Quanzhou, Fujian Province, and the remaining three will land in Xiamen. In the Philippines, pneumonia caused by the new coronavirus is the first death outside China. Three cases of infection were found in the island country. According to the latest data, there are more than 24000 cases of pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus in China. 492 people died.|Chinese, China, February, Philippines, Wednesday, citizens, Manila, pneumonia, caused, cases, Shanghai, tass, Xi, airlines, send, chartered, planes, 2000, context, outbreak|citizens,tass,pneumonia,planes,Shanghai|an,philippines,colorado,fujian,chinese,quanzhou,china,xi,xiamen,manila,shanghai,xinhua,province|1580921193
5e40ce86c0fe4e1400def42a|"The number of deaths due to the novel lung disease in China has risen to 80's by Monday around 24. Within a day, the number of confirmed infections with the new Coronavirus in the People's Republic climbed even more than 700 to 2744, as state television reported on the Chinese authorities. With around fifty cases outside China, almost 2800 cases have been confirmed worldwide. The number of infected in China may continue to rise sharply as there are around 5800 suspected cases where the diagnosis has not yet been completed. In Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macao there are 17 confirmed diseases- in other countries dozens more. As the World Health Organization (WHO) reported, the vast majority of those affected outside China had previously been in the particularly badly affected city of Wuhan in Central China, the starting point of the epidemic. In the USA, two new cases in California and Arizona were confirmed, as reported by the US Health Authority. This increases the number in the USA to five. In one of the new cases, the health department in Orange County, Los Angeles, confirmed that the person had previously returned from a trip to Wuhan. There are also three cases in France, the only country in Europe with confirmed diseases to date, as well as in Thailand, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Nepal and Australia. Canada counted a first ""provisionally confirmed"" case. Of the patients in China 461 were seriously ill, state television reported. Only in the eleven-million-metropolis of Wuhan and the surrounding province of Hubei was the condition of other 69 sufferers described as critical. The new virus is probably from a market in Wuhan, where it may have passed from wild animals to humans. Yeah. China has taken drastic measures to combat the further spread of lung disease. In the province of Hubei, more than 45 million people in at least fourteen cities were largely displaced from the outside world. Flights, train connections and public transport have been stopped. Even metropolises such as Beijing and Shanghai and several provinces have suspended cross-country bus connections to prevent the virus from being introduced. The pathogen has now appeared in almost every province or region of the country. As a further measure against the spread, the Beijing government announced that the generally applicable holidays for workers in the country will be extended by three days, including Sunday, during the current New Year's Day. In the Chinese capital, schools, kindergartens and universities remain closed even beyond the planned end of the holiday in mid-February. Several hundred million people have travelled to their home villages over the Chinese New Year Festival, which was held on Saturday night after the traditional lunar calendar. Many factories are closed for weeks during the New Year's Eve to allow employees to travel home to the most important Chinese family festival. However, it is now feared that the virus may spread further with the expected return wave. Researchers found that infected people are infectious during most ten days of incubation without showing symptoms. According to the Federal Ministry of Health, the risk of the new Coronavirus for Germany is relatively low. ""For all we know, the Coronavirus is difficult to transmit from person to person,"" said a spokesman for the daily newspaper ""The World"". ""And the course of the disease is relatively moderate."" Germany was well prepared. Yeah. ""There are clear pandemic plans, regular exercises and the resources to react quickly and effectively."" +++ This article was updated at 7:08 o'clock. ++"|China, confirmed, cases, number, reported, Chinese, Wuhan, country, disease, Coronavirus, Health, person, million, province, virus, spread, people, Year, lung, state|country,province,virus,lung,disease|people,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,nepal,malaysia,health,eve,county,vietnam,australia,beijing,orange,france,republic,world,singapore,germany,us,coronavirus,hubei,japan,federal,usa,year,angeles,festival,s,kong,california,macao,the,day,of,ministry,south,new,korea,hong,central,chinese,organization,arizona,canada,china,authority,shanghai,europe,los|1579993200
5e412657580f2ab8cd8a05ea|SINGAPORE - Four more cases of the coronavirus infection were confirmed by the Ministry of Health (MOH) on Wednesday (Feb 5), including the youngest patient confirmed so far, a six-month-old baby who is the child of an infected couple. Of the new cases, three are linked to the cluster of local transmissions announced on Tuesday, and one is an imported case involving a Chinese tourist from China's Wuhan city. On Tuesday, MOH announced six confirmed cases of the coronavirus, with four women here infected who had not travelled to Wuhan, the epicentre of the virus outbreak. These four cases are linked to a group of 20 tourists from Guangxi, China, that visited health products shop Yong Thai Hang in Cavan Road in Lavender. With the cases announced on Wednesday, the number of cases linked to the tour group is now seven. MOH said the Chinese health authorities have confirmed that two travellers from the tour group have the coronavirus infection. It reiterated that there is no evidence of widespread community transmission in Singapore for now. Wednesday's announcement means that the total number of confirmed cases in Singapore is 28. All four new cases are in stable condition, while 22 cases confirmed earlier are stable or improving, and one case has been discharged, said MOH. The remaining case needs extra oxygen support, but is not in the intensive care unit. Outside China, Singapore has the second highest number of confirmed cases of the coronavirus. Japan has the most with 33 cases so far. The four new cases announced here on Wednesday include a father and son - a Singaporean man and his baby boy. His wife and their maid were earlier confirmed to be infected. The third new case is the Singaporean husband of an infected tour guide, while the fourth is a tourist from China . The father and son, as well as the husband of the tour guide, are among the seven confirmed cases linked to a tour group that visited the Yong Thai Hang shop. First case: The baby boy, who is Singaporean and six months old, is the son of a woman who works at Yong Thai Hang, which caters to Chinese tour groups. He is warded in an isolation room at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital. MOH said the baby was not in any infant care facility before he was hospitalised - he was cared for at home. His 28-year-old mother is a Singapore permanent resident who did not recently travel to China. On Tuesday, MOH confirmed that she and their foreign domestic helper, a 44-year-old Indonesian woman, were infected with the coronavirus. This was after Yong Thai Hang was visited by a tour group from Guangxi on Jan 23. The Singaporean tour guide of the group was later confirmed to be infected. Second case: The baby's father was also one of the confirmed cases announced on Wednesday with no recent travel history to China. The 45-year-old Singaporean man is warded in an isolation room at the National Centre for Infectious Diseases (NCID). Third case: Another case confirmed on Wednesday linked to the Chinese tour group that visited the shop is the husband of the group's infected tour guide. The 40-year-old Singaporean man also had not travelled to China recently, and is currently warded in an isolation room at NCID. He developed a fever on Jan 24 and visited Hougang Polyclinic with his wife, a 32-year-old Singaporean woman, on Jan 30. He went to NCID on Monday. Before the man was admitted to hospital, he was at his home in Buangkok Green and worked at Diamond Industries Jewellery Company at Harbour Drive which was visited by the same tour group from Guangxi. The man also visited Pasir Panjang Hawker Centre and used public transport . MOH said that the risk of infection from transient contact, such as on public transport or in public places, is assessed to be low. Fourth case: The last confirmed case announced on Wednesday is a 42-year-old Chinese national who arrived in Singapore from Wuhan on Jan 21. She is the daughter of one of the earlier confirmed cases, a 73-year-old woman who is also a Chinese national. As the 42-year-old showed symptoms, she was taken by ambulance to NCID on the same day as her mother, immediately isolated, and is now warded in an isolation room at the centre. Regarding the tour group from Guangxi that visited the Yong Thai Hang shop, MOH said that the group was in Singapore from Jan 22 to 23, and also transited here for three hours on Jan 27 before leaving the country. The group also visited five other places here: Diamond Industries Jewellery Company in Harbour Drive; Meeting You Restaurant in Hamilton Road; Royal Dragon Restaurant in Havelock Road; T Galleria by DFS in Scotts Road; and D’Resort @ Downtown East in Pasir Ris. Almost 14 days have passed since the tourists visited these places, and MOH has communicated with 142 contacts. All of these contacts are well except for one who has been isolated as a suspected case. Test results for this person are pending. The ministry has also done contact tracing for the crew and passengers of the flight that left Singapore with the Chinese tour group on Jan 27. Five of them are still in Singapore and have been quarantined. The coronavirus, known as 2019-nCov, first emerged in Wuhan in December last year and has so far proven to be more infectious than 2003's severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars). As of Wednesday, the outbreak has sickened more than 24,000 people and killed more than 490, with Hong Kong reporting its first death from the coronavirus on Tuesday, the second fatality outside mainland China. The deceased was a 39-year-old man with an underlying illness . He had taken the high-speed train from Hong Kong to Wuhan city in Hubei province on Jan 21, and from Changsha in Hunan province to Hong Kong on Jan 23. Most of the deaths from the virus occurred in central Hubei province. On Wednesday, three business travellers – a Malaysian and two South Koreans – linked to a conference at the Grand Hyatt Singapore they attended last month, were reported to have tested positive for the coronavirus. The two South Korean men had come into contact with the Malaysian, who was infected. Details on how, where and when the Malaysian man became infected were not revealed by MOH. The ministry said that this private business meeting at the hotel from Jan 20 to 22 involved 109 people from the same company. Of the 15 Singapore residents at this event, 11 are well. Four have reported symptoms and were referred to NCID for assessment. The event’s remaining 94 overseas participants have since left Singapore and MOH has informed the relevant health authorities abroad. In the wake of the outbreak, a growing number of countries, including Italy, the United States, Australia, Singapore, Japan and Russia, have put in place travel restrictions. Germany, France and the US have evacuated citizens from China. Several major airlines have also halted flights to and from China, deepening concerns of a widespread economic slowdown. In Singapore, measures to combat the outbreak include mask distribution at residents' committee centres and community centres islandwide, which began last Saturday. The Government announced on Jan 30 that all 1.3 million households in Singapore would be given a pack of four masks each amid reports of shops running out of stock. On Tuesday, it also said that large gatherings and communal activities, such as assemblies and excursions, will be suspended at schools, pre-schools and eldercare facilities here from Wednesday, after the first local transmissions of the coronavirus were reported . MOH said on Wednesday that 295 suspected cases have tested negative for the virus so far. Test results for 62 more cases are pending. The ministry has identified 379 close contacts of the confirmed cases. Of these, 304 are still in Singapore, with 299 contacted and being quarantined or isolated. Efforts are being made to contact the remaining five close contacts. MOH continues to advise Singaporeans to defer all travel to Hubei province and all non-essential travel to mainland China. Members of the public should also observe good personal hygiene such as frequently washing their hands with soap. They should also wear a mask if they have respiratory symptoms such as a cough or shortness of breath, and seek medical attention promptly if they are feeling unwell. CLICK TO LISTEN TO ST'S HEALTH CHECK PODCAST|cases, confirmed, Singapore, MOH, group, tour, Wednesday, case, China, Jan, visited, year, coronavirus, infected, announced, Chinese, Singaporean, man, linked, baby|visited,infected,announced,Jan,confirmed|dfs,health,havelock,singaporeans,restaurant,singapore,company,us,italy,jewellery,for,drive,hougang,of,centre,grand,a,changsha,singaporean,wednesday,children,royal,malaysian,meeting,thai,korean,hawker,to,hunan,hubei,in,s,kong,russia,infectious,green,ris,chinese,has,china,states,downtown,panjang,polyclinic,kk,you,harbour,united,hospital,business,scotts,hang,diseases,yong,cavan,hamilton,wuhan,hyatt,road,t,moh,australia,guangxi,two,france,diamond,and,japan,buangkok,d,galleria,koreans,lavender,east,the,three,industries,ncid,pasir,ministry,south,hong,resort,national,women,dragon|1580911083
5e3e6710ff976e92724b7087|* Chinese equities lead weekly declines in Asia * Russian rouble slides before interest rate decision * South African rand falls as business confidence weakens By Sagarika Jaisinghani Feb 7 (Reuters) - Emerging-market stocks slipped on Friday as the mounting death toll from the coronavirus epidemic overshadowed efforts by China to limit the economic fallout of the outbreak, while the Russian rouble eased ahead of a central bank meeting later in the day. An index of emerging-market equities fell 0.6% as the death toll from the virus reached 636 in China, with most of the deaths reported in Hubei province, the epicentre of the outbreak. Chinese stocks logged their worst week since May 2019, after a selloff on Monday wiped out about $400 billion in market capitalisation off Shanghai’s main stock market. Still, the broader MSCI basket was set for its biggest weekly gain in eight. Investors took heart earlier in the week from Beijing’s attempts to contain both the outbreak and its impact on the Chinese economy. U.S. and European stock markets reached record highs on Thursday. Upbeat fourth-quarter earnings season and China’s move to halve additional tariffs on some U.S. goods in an effort to boost business confidence. In a telephone call on Friday, Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump that China was confident it could contain the epidemic with no long-term economic consequences, according to state television. “Markets have taken the view that the coronavirus outbreak will be contained,” said Stephen Innes, chief market strategist at AxiCorp. “While the outbreak appears to be stabilizing outside Hubei province, the situation in Wuhan and Hubei may still be challenging, and the disruption to China’s economy will likely continue in the short term. This may give cause for pause or, at minimum, investors coming up for air . Equity markets elsewhere in the developing world were mixed, with the Turkish and South African stock indexes gaining about 0.2%. Russian equities were flat and the rouble shed about 0.3% before a central bank policy meeting. Analysts expect the bank to  cut interest rates again after five consecutive reductions last year. South Africa’s rand fell about 0.4%, extending a slide in the previous session as data showed business confidence in the country fell in January. The currency has lagged its regional peers this year after the worst power cuts in a decade and choppy economic growth. The Turkish lira was nearly unchanged against the dollar. Currencies in Hungary, Romania and the Czech Republic were down versus the euro. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance in 2020, see tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance in 2020, see tmsnrt.rs/2OusNdX For TOP NEWS across emerging markets For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see (Reporting by Sagarika Jaisinghani in Bengaluru, editing by Larry King)|market, China, outbreak, Chinese, emerging, equities, Russian, rouble, South, business, confidence, economic, bank, fell, Hubei, stock, markets, report, weekly, interest|equities,emerging,Russian,economic,fell|africa,wuhan,jinping,russian,romania,donald,stephen,beijing,republic,hubei,msci,sagarika,african,czech,u,s,larry,hungary,king,innes,bengaluru,european,jaisinghani,south,central,turkish,chinese,china,axicorp,asia,xi,trump,shanghai,europe|1581066780
5e3fbf995e40789c25090a81|"24 January, Minsk / Korr Bleaching powder The Beijing Health Commission announced the highest level of response to the threat to public health posed by the spread of Colorado virus, Tass quoted Lei Haichao, chairman of the committee, as saying. According to the latest data, 29 people in Beijing suffered from the new type of pneumonia, one of whom was seriously injured. Lei Haichao explained that the Chinese capital will take urgent measures to curb the spread of the disease. The city has closed large cultural institutions and cancelled public activities during the Spring Festival. Previously, China's Hubei Province announced the highest response level), with a population of about 59.2 million. A new type of pneumonia caused by Colorado 2019 ncov broke out in Wuhan. At the same time, the World Health Organization (who)) pointed out that China's coronavirus outbreak is not an international emergency. The director general of who, teros Adham gebleysu, acknowledged that so far, many factors related to the virus are unclear. "" We don't know how easy it is to spread, we don't fully understand its clinical characteristics or the severity of the infection. About Who works 24 hours with our partners in China and other countries at the regional level and at headquarters to fill our knowledge gaps as soon as possible. "" Who chapter. He stressed that who was monitoring the outbreak and was working to prevent the virus from passing from person to person. According to the latest data, 849 new cases of pneumonia and 26 deaths have been registered in China. This has been found in Japan, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, the United States and Vietnam."|China, level, spread, virus, pneumonia, 24, Beijing, Health, announced, highest, response, public, Colorado, Lei, Haichao, latest, data, type, outbreak, don|virus,announced,pneumonia,highest,Lei|commission,wuhan,lei,health,vietnam,adham,beijing,haichao,republic,world,singapore,united,tass,hubei,japan,minsk,festival,s,colorado,gebleysu,of,korea,chinese,organization,china,states,spring,province|1579853520
5e40ce8bc0fe4e1400def434|"Federal Health Minister Jens Spahn stressed the importance of close international cooperation to contain the new lung disease from China. The World Health Organization's call for an emergency is part of an even better vote, said Spahn on ZDF's ""Maybrit Illner"". This was also a signal to countries in China's neighbourhood or in Africa to raise attention. The WHO had called for an international emergency. Thus, recommendations to States are possible to contain the spread of pathogens as much as possible. (dpa)"|Health, Spahn, international, China, emergency, Federal, Minister, Jens, stressed, importance, close, cooperation, lung, disease, World, Organization, call, part, vote, ZDF|importance,call,lung,Organization,international|africa,world,organization,spahn,china,health,jens,who,s|1580425200
5e415559cae8370994363cdb|The Chinese government released a video that shows twenty infected patients with coronavirus leaving Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan, China after they were released. In the images, the victims of the outbreak, allegedly cured, beckon those abroad while celebrating. According to TV station Hubei, patients were allowed to leave the hospital unit after having undergone several medical examinations. These images com e after China admitted that it had not dealt with the epidemic in a speedy and effective manner at the beginning, and ultimately caused a global panic. In addition to this are the insinuations that the country has been made to hide the true number of deaths caused by this new coronavirus. The deadly virus has spread to every region of China. Authorities account for almost ten thousand cases of patients and 259 dead victims. Wuhan remains the epicenter of the outbreak, and the city remains quarantined.|patients, China, released, coronavirus, Wuhan, images, victims, outbreak, caused, remains, Chinese, government, video, shows, twenty, infected, leaving, Jinyintan, Hospital, allegedly|infected,remains,patients,government,caused|hospital,wuhan,chinese,hubei,jinyintan,china|1580558340
5e3fa98b7789d687c1b758a6|Tass, 29 January. Johnson & Johnson said it is a manufacturer of cosmetics, hygiene and medical equipment, Currently, 2019 ncov vaccine is under development and is being actively promoted in China. Reuters reported on Wednesday. According to him, the company will use its technology in the development of the Ebola virus vaccine, This is the weapon currently used in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda. We note that Johnson and Johnson have also provided China with an antiretroviral drug for the development of new viral drugs.|Johnson, development, vaccine, China, Tass, 29, January, manufacturer, cosmetics, hygiene, medical, equipment, 2019, ncov, actively, promoted, Reuters, reported, Wednesday, company|development,vaccine,Tass,manufacturer,ncov|republic,tass,the,congo,china,of,reuters,ebola,johnson,democratic,rwanda|1580329507
5e3e654da6201cadba7c80fd|1. Another firing at Jamia protest 2. Coronavirus death toll in China jumps to 361 3. Congress, Left target govt, move notices to debate CAA, NRC 4. BJP's Kapil Mishra says AAP should be renamed as Muslim League 5. Saina a medal prospect for Tokyo Olympics, says Gopichand|firing, Jamia, protest, Coronavirus, death, toll, China, jumps, 361, Congress, Left, target, govt, move, notices, debate, CAA, NRC, BJP, Kapil|death,move,Left,361,jumps|kapil,mishra,gopichand,bjp,nrc,coronavirus,aap,china,saina,olympics,caa,muslim,league,jamia,tokyo,s|1580707620
5e3d0d125c164d20448c0a7a|"Just three weeks ago the United States identified the first infected with the coronavirus in their territory. He was admitted to the Regional Medical Center Everett, Washington. There, to prevent the spread of the virus, every detail counts and technology has become a great ally. From the first minute, doctors have contacted the patient through a robot called Vici which has a display, speakers and a microphone. The device, which looks like a tablet with wheels and has been developed by the company InTouch Health, also has a stethoscope and allows basic tests such as measuring temperature. In the like Vici, there are other machines that may contain the escalation of the coronavirus and help reduce the workload of doctors. For example, the Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital, in southern China, has started using robots capable of opening and closing doors and take the elevator autonomously to deliver medicines to patients, according to Chinese state television CGTN ""In these situations it is essential to avoid the spread and extent. Robots can serve to test citizens, detect potential disease and prevent others or medical staff from being infected, ""said Ambrosio Rodríguez Gómez, a member of the Council of Colleges of Engineering of Spain and dean of the College of Engineering in Computer Castilla-La Mancha. All indications are that the coronavirus is spread between people who are close through contact and droplets of saliva that the carrier of the virus excreted coughing. Therefore, to minimize human contact is essential. Especially in China, where there are already more than 17,000 affected and the death toll exceeds 360. Among the dead is Wudong Liang, one of the doctors who treated patients in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus. The death of this doctor of 62 years has highlighted the risks that medical personnel are exposed. In 2003, with the outbreak of SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome, for its acronym in English), a large part of the health workers was affected while attending infected people. waiters robots But hospitals are not the only places where technology can be useful. For example, a Chinese urbanization uses a drone with thermal cameras to take the temperature of the neighbors without having to leave their homes, reports Zigor Aldama. Furthermore, in a hotel in Hangzhou, a city of nine million people in eastern China, an autonomous robot named Peanut is responsible for carrying the food to nearly 200 people quarantined, according to China Xinhua News. These guests, as has the same medium, they remain at the least two weeks isolated as a preventive measure because they traveled on the same plane as passengers Wuhan. ""Hi! Peanut is serving food, ""salutes the machine as it progresses through the hallway slowly. Door to door with the aim of guests caught the menu. In a video uploaded to Twitter, a man who wears a mask robe and slippers homespun leaves his room and take yours. ""Take advantage. Please contact the hotel staff for WeChat if you need anything else, ""the robot. In the use WeChat, the instant messaging application most used in China, is to avoid any direct contact with workers at the hotel. This robot, developed by the company Keenon, is intended to serve in restaurants, hotels, hospitals, offices, banks and airports. In fact, they are already present in a chain of restaurants in Madrid. The company explains on its website that Peanut has a system of voice recognition and is endowed with artificial intelligence. For communication to ""more interesting"", you can change the shape of their eyes in order to show the emotions of happiness, anger or sadness I. Robots that cleaned and disinfected Robots that interact with patients and those who carry them food, add that can clean and disinfect different spaces. Xenex is a Texas-based company that sells robots to eliminate pathogens. These machines, according to the company in its own web, serve to quickly disinfect any room in just five minutes. ""LightStrike disinfection technology has been proven to effectively reduce pollution by coronavirus in clinical environments,"" he adds. Another company called Dimer has offered some airlines a robot to prevent the spread of the virus. The company says on its website that commercial airlines play a direct role in how diseases spread worldwide. ""Aircraft have the unique capacity germs through continents and oceans"" he indicates. The system which has been developed specifically for aircraft, uses ultraviolet light to remove ""99.99% germs"" present in these means of transport."|company, coronavirus, spread, robot, China, people, contact, infected, prevent, virus, technology, doctors, developed, robots, patients, Robots, serve, hotel, Peanut, food|virus,infected,Robots,Peanut,patients|texas,people,aircraft,castilla,wuhan,guangdong,health,mez,sars,dimer,rodr,spain,zigor,xenex,vici,computer,united,wudong,keenon,aldama,washington,peanut,council,xinhua,intouch,guez,s,la,madrid,hospital,colleges,english,regional,of,mancha,g,provincial,medical,hangzhou,ambrosio,based,center,chinese,engineering,news,china,states,liang,college,everett|1580900515
5e40ce86c0fe4e1400def428|"German tour operators and Lufthansa are in contact with the authorities because of the spread of the new lung disease in China. ""The organisers maintain close contact with the Foreign Office and monitor developments closely,"" said a spokesperson of the Interbranch Association DRV. According to a spokesperson, Lufthansa does not yet feel any reservation from customers. The speaker said that emergency measures could be started at any time. Hundreds of infections with the new Coronavirus have been detected in China. (dpa)"|Lufthansa, contact, China, spokesperson, German, tour, operators, authorities, spread, lung, disease, organisers, maintain, close, Foreign, Office, monitor, developments, closely, Interbranch|maintain,lung,authorities,disease,organisers|lufthansa,drv,german,coronavirus,foreign,china,office,association,interbranch|1579647600
5e40ce6ec0fe4e1400def3d5|"Over the finish line he went 0.49 percent higher at 13.045,19 points. The MDax made it with 0,22 percent in plus on 28.046,05 counter. There were no relaxing signals regarding the Coronavirus on Monday. Infections and deaths continued to rise, suggesting that the climax of the crisis does not seem to have been reached yet. ""The Coronavirus is expected to give investors a little more abdominal pain,"" said market analyst Timo Emden of Emden Research. The stock exchanges in Europe and the US, however, benefited from the fact that the Chinese Federal Reserve is embracing the country's financial system, alongside a cash injection, also with a limited reduction in interest rates. In addition, it was said by people familiar with the matter that Chinese government representatives seem to hope for reciprocity in the resolution of the trade dispute with the US. Amongst the individual values, Deutsche Bank's shares were expected to make a profit after their recent leap up to a high since 2018. They fell at the Dax end by 1,9 percent. SAP, on the other hand, became a top rider by the same percentage. On Monday, Baader Bank offered a little more price potential with a new 135-euro exchange rate target. Among the side values were the shares of Siemens Healthineers with a discount of 4.7 percent. The medical technology group started with a fall in profits in the new financial year and missed the average market expectations. The Thyssenkrupp shares, on the other hand, continued their descent with a minus of five,1 percent. On Friday of the General Meeting of the Steel and Industrial Group, they had already lost four,6 percent of their value. At the shareholders'meeting, Group leader Martina Merz had justified the announced dividend loss by the fact that Thyssen Group was ""in an extremely tense financial situation"". Yeah. The EuroStoxx joined the friendly Dax with an increase of 0.56 percent to 3661,27 points. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial in New York was closing its trade in Europe with 0.6 percent in the plus. There were also good economic signals from the US: for the first time since July, the industrial mood had risen again above the expansion threshold. The euro was last traded in 11065 US dollars. Meanwhile, the good US economic data had pushed him to a low of 11036 dollars, but he then recovered. The European Central Bank (ECB) had fixed the reference rate to 11066 (Friday: 11052) US dollars. The dollar thus cost 09037 (09048) euro. German bond prices tended to rise. In return for less than 0.42 per cent, the circulation rate fell to less than 0.44 per cent on Friday. The Rex pension index climbed by 0,10 percent to 145,02 points. The Federal Future dropped by 0,1 percent on 175,03 counters. (dpa)"|percent, points, financial, Bank, shares, euro, rate, Friday, Group, dollars, signals, Coronavirus, Monday, continued, rise, expected, market, Emden, Europe, fact|Group,signals,rise,Friday,rate|martina,eurostoxx,future,deutsche,york,emden,bank,us,coronavirus,healthineers,and,federal,general,industrial,reserve,baader,s,dax,dow,rex,group,the,siemens,mdax,of,research,monday,jones,european,new,central,german,chinese,thyssenkrupp,timo,thyssen,merz,europe,meeting,steel|1580684400
5e3fac257789d687c1b75997|"New Delhi, 24 January. /tass/ The coronavirus found by Indian nurses working in Saudi Arabia is not the 2019-ncov virus, which has caused outbreaks in China and has been recorded in other countries. According to information provided by the Indian consulate in Jeddah, her illness was caused by another coronavirus. ""Dr. Tariq al azraki, chairman of the Regional Committee for the control of infectious Sciences in the province of Asir, confirmed that Indian nurses who were being treated at the National Hospital In Asila, it's caused by the mers cov virus, not the 2019-ncv virus. -India's minister of state for foreign affairs, willanweli mulalidaran, quoted the foreign ministry's report on twitter. Mers cov was found in Saudi Arabia in 2012 and is called Middle East respiratory syndrome. Earlier, state minister murari Dalan revealed that there are about 100 Indian nurses, mainly from Kerala) in the south of India - Binhai. Tass people working at the Al Hayat hospital in Saudi Arabia were examined and coronavirus was found in one of them. He did not specify what kind of coronavirus it was, but noted that a sick nurse was being treated at a Saudi hospital and was recovering."|coronavirus, Indian, Saudi, found, nurses, Arabia, virus, caused, working, 2019, treated, cov, India, minister, state, foreign, hospital, Delhi, 24, January|Delhi,virus,found,Indian,cov|asila,delhi,kerala,india,tass,jeddah,murari,asir,middle,hayat,in,for,east,dalan,hospital,the,tariq,regional,of,infectious,new,mulalidaran,al,indian,binhai,committee,sciences,china,willanweli,national,control,arabia,azraki,saudi|1579856028
5e3f9e0ac7d7d06da7396da0|"Moscow, February 7 - Russian news agency, Mikhail gonzalov. The Chinese national team is going to Russia for the world cup in Moscow, Although the Russian Free Trade Federation has informed China that access to the Russian Federation may be restricted due to the Colorado virus outbreak, Alexei cursov, head of the Russian Federation news agency, reported to the Russian news agency. The skiing skills stage of the world cup will be held in Moscow on February 15. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 31100 people are infected in China, 636 of whom have died. The Russian government has decided to temporarily restrict the entry of foreigners from China. ""If they come, we will consider whether it is possible to relocate the national team separately to eliminate all possible pollution. No contact because I'm worried about my team. We are currently organizing a committee level study of accommodation in another hotel, the provision of transport for the Chinese national team and the construction of temporary tents for athletes. We already have one, but we plan to provide another for the Chinese team. "" About The president of the Federation also pointed out that China had issued a document saying that their athletes were not ill. "" They said they had preventive tests and training where there was no outbreak, but they took off from Beijing. They are determined to come. If they cross the border in accordance with all established rules, we will allow them to enter the country and provide them with all relevant permits. We are looking forward to the official arrival on February 11. We have a decision to make. """|Russian, team, Chinese, Federation, China, Moscow, February, agency, national, outbreak, world, cup, Colorado, virus, reported, 2019, athletes, provide, Mikhail, gonzalov|virus,Russian,Federation,agency,Moscow|trade,russia,world,federation,alexei,wuhan,colorado,i,chinese,organization,hubei,mikhail,russian,china,m,beijing,health,moscow,free|1581091740
5e41558acae8370994363d1a|The international public health emergency was decided only at the third meeting of the World Health Organisation (WHO) with the committee of experts hired to help understand the impact of the new coronavirus, the epidemic outbreak that by the close of this edition had already reached more than twenty thousand people and caused almost 500 deaths. We call on all countries to... <br /> To access all day exclusive CMs 10.02.2020 enter your mobile number and click OK A notification will be sent to your cell phone. Accept transaction in your MB WAY application. Okay. More information on this service Number valid only for Portugal. Cost of calling EUR 0.60+ VAT Learn more about other payment methods Exclusive If you subscribe login Digital Signature Access to e-paper, all proprietary contents of the website on pc, tablet and smarphone Sign already 1 month/1 EUR To read this and all today's EXCLUSIVE on the website for 0.60 EUR+ VAT Get your access code with a simple phone call or USE O|EUR, call, access, phone, 0.60, VAT, website, international, public, health, emergency, decided, meeting, World, Health, Organisation, committee, experts, hired, understand|health,call,experts,committee,hired|health,world,organisation,portugal|1581211800
5e40ceb7c0fe4e1400def4b0|"The twelve Coronavirus patients in Germany are still doing well. Two infected people who had been brought back from Wuhan on the weekend with more than 120 more passengers are well. ""They have no symptoms,"" said the head of the Frankfurt Health Department, Rene Gottschalk. According to Health Minister Melanie Huml, the ten Coronavirus patients in Bavaria who are related to the car supplier Webasto are in a stable state. (dpa)"|Coronavirus, patients, Health, twelve, Germany, infected, people, brought, back, Wuhan, weekend, 120, passengers, symptoms, head, Frankfurt, Department, Rene, Gottschalk, Minister|passengers,Frankfurt,infected,Rene,head|germany,wuhan,bavaria,coronavirus,melanie,webasto,department,frankfurt,health,rene,gottschalk,huml|1580770800
5e40cb834aed7a2c27490f5b|The Coronavirus spreads again more rapidly after the increase of new diseases had decreased slightly two days in a row. Throughout China, 34.546 infections have been confirmed. According to the National Health Commission, this is 3.399 more than a day before. The number of deaths increased by 86 to 722. 24.953 confirmed infections with the pathogen 2019-nCoV and 81 new fatalities are now reported from the central Chinese province of Hubei, where the virus originally broke out in the Wuhan metropolis. In China, the first foreign casualties have also been confirmed. As the US Embassy in Beijing reported on Saturday, a 60-year-old US citizen infected with the virus arrived in Wuhan on the 6th. February for life. A Japanese man also died in Wuhan, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry. According to this, it was a man in his sixties who was suspected of being infected with the virus. The patient suffered from severe pneumonia. Chinese state television reports that a second new hospital has been opened for coronary cases. The first doctors and nursing teams have already arrived, on Saturday the first Patients are admitted to the 1.500-bed clinic. I On Monday, a new hospital was opened for the isolation of coronary patients. The construction of the 60.000 square meter large building with 30 intensive care stations had eight days. It was built by 7.000 specialists from containers. Outside mainland China, there are more than two dozen cases over 270, of which 14 in Germany. Another case of infection, the 12th, has been detected in Bavaria. The Bavarian Ministry of Health informs us. This is the wife of a man who works for the car supplier Webasto and was tested positive for the virus last week Yeah. The patient is now being medically monitored like her husband and treated in isolation in a Munich clinic, it was said. Further details were not provided by the Ministry. At the end of 2019, the Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organisation (WHO) a frequency of pneumonia of unclear cause in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Already a week later, Chinese researchers identified a novel virus as the cause of the disease. It belongs to the group of Coronavires. A few days later, a group around the virologist Christian Drosten of the Berlin Charite published the first diagnostic test for the new virus, which researchers provisionally call 2019-nCoV. The test can be used to detect the virus in the laboratory. As a source of the pathogen, the Chinese authorities suspect a food market in Wuhan, where, in addition to fish and seafood, exotic animals such as snakes were sold. The market was closed and disinfected. Both the respiratory diseases Sars (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and Mers (Middle East respiratory syndrome) are caused by coronary viruses that originate in animals. During the Sars pandemic, in the years 2002 and 2003, about 8.000 people died, more than 750. The Mers virus has infected people from its discovery 2012 to the end of the year 2019 about 2.500, and every third person has died from it. Overall, however, there are several hundred types of coronavirus. Many of them affect the airways and can cause, for example, colds. In China, several thousand people are now ill, some of them, most likely pre-infected, have died of pneumonia caused by the virus. The first infections outside China were known in Thailand, Japan and South Korea. These are travellers who had previously been to Wuhan. Am 21 Yeah. In January, US authorities reported the first infection in a tourist who returned from Wuhan on the 24th. In January, the first cases in France became known. In the meantime, the first cases in Germany have also been confirmed. Typical signs of infection are fever, cough and difficulty breathing. The virus can cause pneumonia that can end in death. Because it's a viral disease, antibiotics don't help. It is now clear that the virus can be transmitted from human to human. The Chinese authorities have confirmed several such transmissions after about a dozen medical personnel have been notified. Doctors assume that the virus is mainly transmitted via droplet infection. The World Health Organization, like it does on 24th. January, currently reporting that an infected person in sections 1,4 to 2,5 infects other people. If these numbers persist, the virus is less contagious than Sars and also the virus flu. The WHO recommends to observe general hygiene rules: wash your hands frequently and avoid close contact with people with respiratory diseases and wild animals. There's no way to say for sure yet. The World Health Organization shared on 28. In January, approximately one fifth of the reported cases are seriously affected by the virus, so in case of doubt intensive medical treatment is required. According to reports, the first victims were patients who had some severe pre-existing diseases. Other infectious diseases also pose a particular risk to people with pre-existing diseases, such as influenza. Coronaviruses are known to mutate, so they can change their heritage. This may lead to them becoming more dangerous to humans during an outbreak, but also to the exact opposite. Yeah. The Robert Koch Institute (RKI) does not currently expect a mortality rate similar to that of the Sars outbreak. In France, according to the government, five British citizens have been diagnosed with coronary infection. They would have stayed in the same accommodation in the French Alps as another Brit who had arrived from Singapore and had been diagnosed shortly before, says Minister of Health Agnes Buzyn. Among the newly infected, there was also a child. The group had been admitted to a hospital in the region in good health. In the meantime, the Federal Government is having other Germans and their relatives brought back from Wuhan. About twenty people are expected at Tegel Airport on Sunday, the Berlin Senate Health Administration announced. After their arrival, it was planned to accommodate the Germans cautiously for 14 days in isolation on the premises of the DRK clinics in Berlin-Copenhagen. The city was well prepared, said Health Senator Dilek Kalayci. An official physician will receive the people in the military part of Tegel Airport, after which they will be tested for the virus. Results are expected on Monday afternoon. Because of the new lung disease, the German army had already brought back Germans and their relatives from the town of Wuhan, which was heavily affected by the Coronavirus, in early February. Around 120 passengers of the flight have been quarantined since their return to a barracks in the Palatinate Germersheim. Two passengers had detected the virus. In Hong Kong, however, the quarantine measures began: since Friday, all mainland Chinese immigrants have been carefully quarantined. 161 People have been affected so far, almost all are Hong Kong people, said Prime Minister Carrie Lam Yeah. 148 People would have to remain quarantined in their homes and apartments, eleven would be in hotels and two in extra camps. There will be controls and anyone who violates the quarantine order will have to expect a prison sentence of up to six months and a fine. Meanwhile, Chinese scientists suspect that the new virus could also be transmitted via faeces. Some patients in a hospital in Wuhan would have had diarrhoea and nausea before the onset of fever symptoms and difficulty breathing, according to a paper published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. The main route of transmission of the virus continues to be a drop infection via the cough of a patient. In ten percent of 138 patients, the disease course started with diarrhoea and nausea, researchers write. They indicated that in the early cases of the first disease in Wuhan in December they focused mainly on respiratory symptoms. Symptoms associated with the digestive tract may have been overlooked. Knowledge of an infectious pathway through faeces is not entirely surprising to science, as the Sars virus also partially transmitted during the epidemic in the early 2000s. Sars is caused by coronary viruses as well as the novel disease. Read all about the new Coronavirus on our topic page.|virus, Wuhan, Chinese, people, Health, diseases, infected, cases, infection, disease, Sars, China, confirmed, reported, coronary, respiratory, days, 2019, died, pneumonia|Sars,virus,infected,days,disease|commission,germersheim,airport,thailand,wuhan,koch,journal,tegel,dilek,brit,health,senate,sunday,sars,rki,beijing,france,world,germany,berlin,singapore,us,coronavirus,bavarian,hubei,robert,japan,administration,federal,yeah,drosten,japanese,germans,government,christian,kong,lam,institute,british,kalayci,agnes,the,charite,american,of,association,ministry,palatinate,medical,south,korea,mers,buzyn,drk,hong,coronavires,munich,alps,bavaria,german,chinese,foreign,organization,webasto,china,organisation,french,national,carrie,copenhagen|1581179460
5e3f9fb4c7d7d06da7396e20|"Geneva, 5 - Russian news agency, Elizabeth isaacf. There are no 2019 ncov drugs available, but most patients will not die if they are treated, Michael Ryan, announced at a briefing on Wednesday, Executive director, who emergency programme. There is no proven effective drug for the new coronavirus. The gender and age distribution of the epidemic has resulted in serious morbidity and mortality among the elderly, who are already in poor health. Many patients die of rejecting their organs, not necessarily because of the virus, but because of the impact of the virus. As a result, most patients will survive if they receive appropriate supportive treatment, ""he said. In the treatment of new coronaviruses, he said, there was also no evidence of the effectiveness of the use of HIV drugs or the previous categories of coronavirus drugs. However, countries can use these certified drugs, especially disruptors and inhibitors, to test their potential effectiveness in 2019-ncv control. Who encourages the sharing of the results of such studies in order to understand whether drugs are effective in such situations. About On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 2400 new infections have occurred in mainland China, 490 of them have died, and another has died in Hong Kong. More than 170 people were ill abroad, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|drugs, 2019, patients, virus, ncov, die, emergency, effective, coronavirus, treatment, effectiveness, occurred, died, Geneva, Russian, agency, Elizabeth, isaacf, treated, Michael|occurred,virus,ncov,effectiveness,Russian|kong,world,wuhan,colorado,chinese,geneva,organization,hubei,russian,china,ryan,health,michael,hiv,hong|1580920740
5e4155bfcae8370994363d71|"The aircraft leaving Beja this Thursday was chartered by the French Government and departed for China until Saturday to repatriate at least 133 citizens of the European Union (EU), including 17 Portuguese, due to the coronavirus, informed European sources. European source told Lusa that this plane is now in Paris, where he went to pick up a medical team and ""on Friday or Saturday"", will leave for the Chinese region of Wuhan. Until this morning, according to the same source, the repatriation of 133 citizens from 16-EU Member States was confirmed: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, France, Greece, Hungary, Latvia, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden."|European, Saturday, 133, citizens, EU, source, aircraft, leaving, Beja, Thursday, chartered, French, Government, departed, China, repatriate, Union, including, 17, Portuguese|citizens,Government,repatriate,source,leaving|wuhan,croatia,16,portuguese,estonia,latvia,romania,portugal,eu,greece,france,republic,spain,beja,slovakia,lusa,czech,union,finland,austria,poland,hungary,paris,european,saturday,french,chinese,china,states,sweden,belgium,member|1580401620
5e3fa72a7789d687c1b7579e|Moscow, February 4. /tass/ Russia's first Aerospace force plane took off from the eastern military region airport to evacuate Russians from Wuhan, the Russian Defense Ministry told reporters on Tuesday. On the plane, diagnostic equipment, personal protective equipment and necessary medical supplies are provided by military doctors and virologists of the Ministry of defense. Earlier, Russian ambassador to China Andrei Denisov said China allowed Russian planes to come to China to evacuate Russian citizens. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan, Hubei Province. In 11 million isolated industrial centers, there are thousands of foreigners, and foreign authorities are evacuating their citizens. According to the Russian Embassy, there are 341 Russians in Hubei, 183 of whom are connected with diplomats. In order to evacuate Russian citizens, a joint Communist air force group consisting of five aircraft was set up, focusing on the airport of the eastern military region. Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered Russia to send out the Communist Party.|Russian, military, evacuate, China, citizens, Russia, force, plane, eastern, region, airport, Russians, Wuhan, Ministry, equipment, 2019, authorities, Hubei, Communist, Moscow|citizens,Russian,Russians,authorities,plane|andrei,defense,putin,russians,wuhan,embassy,denisov,chinese,hubei,vladimir,party,russian,china,of,communist,russia,ministry,moscow|1580825494
5e3e665aff976e92724b6fb2|(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click or type LIVE/ in a news window.) * Jan. private-sector payroll rises more than expected * U.S. services sector activity picks up in Jan -ISM * Coty surges on profit, revenue beat * Ford slumps after weak 2020 forecast * Indexes up: Dow 0.98%, S&P 0.69%, Nasdaq 0.05% (Changes quote, adds details, updates prices) By Medha Singh Feb 5 (Reuters) - Wall Street rallied for a third straight day on Wednesday after a clutch of positive data painted a stronger picture of the U.S. economy but the Nasdaq pulled back from record levels as losses in Tesla shares weighed. Private-sector payrolls increased by 291,000 in January, the ADP National Employment Report showed, far above expectations of 156,000 job additions. Meanwhile, the Institute for Supply Management’s (ISM) data showed U.S. services sector activity picked up last month following an upbeat manufacturing report this week. “There is increasing recognition that the consumer is remarkably resilient,” said Elliott Savage, portfolio manager of the YCG Enhanced Fund. “Growth is still decent, and if you’re looking around to put your money, stock market is just a much more attractive place than government bonds.” Wall Street has more than recovered last week’s steep losses after China’s move to boost liquidity to limit the economic impact of the virus outbreak eased some worries about growth. The country’s central bank is likely to lower its key rate on Feb. 20, sources told Reuters, as the death toll from the epidemic climbs to nearly 500. Earlier in the day, stock index futures got a boost after a report that a Zhejiang University team had found some drugs that could inhibit the coronavirus in vitro cell experiments. However, the World Health Organization played it down, saying “there are no known effective therapeutics against this 2019-nCoV (virus)”. At 11:45 a.m . ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 281.97 points, or 0.98%, at 29,089.60, the S&P 500 was up 22.91 points, or 0.69%, at 3,320.50. The Nasdaq Composite was up 4.55 points, or 0.05%, at 9,472.52. Ten of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by a 3.4% gain in energy stocks which tracked a jump in oil prices. The U.S. earnings season has reached the halfway mark and corporate America has largely beaten Wall Street expectations. Coty Inc jumped 11.9% as the cosmetics maker beat estimates for quarterly profit and revenue. Ford Motor Co tumbled nearly 10% after the No. 2 U.S. automaker delivered a weaker-than-expected 2020 forecast. Tesla Inc dropped 14.1% after a six-day run that saw its shares surge about 60%. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 3.29-to-1 ratio on the NYSE and by a 2.21-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq. The S&P index recorded 62 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 110 new highs and 18 new lows. (Reporting by Medha Singh in Bengaluru Editing by Anil D’Silva and Arun Koyyur)|Nasdaq, sector, stock, Wall, Street, day, points, market, Jan, expected, services, activity, ISM, Coty, profit, revenue, beat, Ford, 2020, forecast|day,Nasdaq,activity,Jan,services|zhejiang,anil,koyyur,america,wall,savage,university,health,ford,average,silva,world,motor,adp,coty,report,industrial,d,reuters,elliott,street,singh,u,s,for,ism,dow,institute,employment,supply,arun,nyse,tesla,management,jones,bengaluru,composite,inc,organization,500,china,nasdaq,national,ycg,fund,enhanced,p,co,medha|1580922540
5e3d067ccc9efa2a3d6feb03|"A new virus has China on alert. It is a mysterious pneumonia, which has infected dozens of people in the city of Wuhan and corresponding to a new strain of a similar coronavirus which in 2002 caused the epidemic of SARS syndrome (Severe Acute Respiratory, for its acronym in English). This was confirmed by the Chinese, CCTV, the national television According to research by a group of scientists has isolated the genetic sequence of the infectious agent. Medical tests have confirmed the presence of this new pathogen in 15 of the 59 cases detected since early December, all in Wuhan, capital of Hubei Province. The origin of most of these infections has been located in a fish market and seafood, in which live animals were traded. Since then, the area has been closed and quarantined. To date, none of the patients died and even eight patients, which no longer showed any symptoms, were released yesterday high Wednesday. Local health authorities have ensured that was not detected no transmission between humans. Coronaviruses, which are named for the shape of a crown that adopt a view to the microscope, usually attack the airways of mammals. To date only six were known. Four causes mild symptoms similar to those of a cold. The other two, however, are notorious: in 2002, the coronavirus SARS, which originated in China, killing more than 700 people worldwide; while in 2015 the MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) left 449 dead. Given the history, the news has been received with concern in the country. ""I am very afraid. I remember the SARS appeared together before the Spring Festival and then by transportation expanded, ""wrote a user on Weibo, social network similar to Twitter. His words refer to the Chinese New Year, which in 2020 will take place on 25 January. On the occasion of this national holiday, it is tradition that people return to the family home, causing the largest human migration in the world, with over 3,000 million journeys: an ideal setting for the spread of a virus. The mysterious ailment, however, could have already jumped beyond the borders of the Asian giant. In South Korea, a woman of Chinese nationality has been put into isolation before the possibility of being infected, he said on Wednesday the Center for Disease Control and Prevention of Korea (KCDC). The woman, 36, was diagnosed with pneumonia on Tuesday after two business trips in which visited Wuhan and other cities. Neighboring countries, meanwhile, have begun to take extra security measures at airports. The World Health Organization does not consider it necessary, for the moment, establish special measures for travelers. This was announced in a statement released this morning, saying that ""new coronavirus appear regularly [...] and China has a strong health system, able to respond to and manage outbreaks of respiratory infections."" The institution, which has shown its willingness to provide technical support to the health authorities of the country, has ruled that ""in the coming weeks more comprehensive information will be needed to better understand the current status and the epidemiology of the outbreak."" In the same vein scientists responsible for identifying the virus have been expressed, ensuring that your initial finding must be supplemented by further research. Although it is possible to obtain evidence of the presence of pathogens in a short period of time, the production of a vaccine can take years. Professor David Hui Shu-cheong, an expert in respiratory medicine at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, insured has to the South China Morning Post who have yet to clarify some key details like ""What animal is the source of the virus, the incubation period and the transmission path "". Some specialists, such as Peng Yihong, professor of the Faculty of Medicine of Beijing, have speculated that the cause of the outbreak could be ""pathogens contained in karstic caves, place of origin of many of the seafood that goes to the market"" ."|virus, China, Chinese, people, Wuhan, similar, coronavirus, SARS, health, mysterious, pneumonia, infected, 2002, Respiratory, confirmed, national, research, scientists, presence, detected|health,virus,infected,research,pneumonia|hui,wuhan,disease,university,health,medicine,coronaviruses,sars,beijing,world,faculty,hubei,and,prevention,middle,weibo,year,morning,david,festival,for,east,kong,respiratory,peng,yihong,of,south,new,korea,shu,hong,asian,cheong,center,chinese,organization,china,post,spring,control,syndrome|1578731730
5e414bf67e27cd38d1b1eede|"This Thursday, Chinese diplomacy called on foreigners studying in the country not to return to universities ""without warning"", in the face of the new Wuhan coronavirus and to seek medical care if they show symptoms of the virus. In a statement, the Foreign Mission Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs advises students travelling in China to ""comply with prevention and control measures adopted by local authorities"" and to maintain contact with educational institutions to obtain information about the start of classes. ""International students who are currently in their home countries for the winter holidays or who are scheduled to enroll in the spring must keep in touch with their educational institutions to obtain the latest information about the start of classes"", explains the Chinese Government. The new coronavirus, detected last December in the capital city of Hubei Province in central China, has already caused the death of at least 170 people in the Asian country and has infected more than seven.700 others. The ministerial note also recommends that foreign students follow ""strictly the local regulations and instructions on prevention and control issued by their educational institutions"". ""For those who return early to China against school indications and cannot travel to the university due to transport restrictions, please contact the educational institution and embassy in China for help"", added the statement. In addition to mainland China, cases of infection have been reported in Macao, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Japan, South Korea, the United States, Singapore, Vietnam, Nepal, Malaysia, Australia, Canada, Germany, France (the first European country to detect cases), Finland, India, the Philippines, Cambodia and the United Arab Emirates."|China, educational, country, students, institutions, Chinese, return, coronavirus, statement, Foreign, prevention, control, local, contact, obtain, information, start, classes, cases, United|country,start,information,return,prevention|taiwan,thailand,wuhan,philippines,affairs,nepal,office,malaysia,vietnam,australia,france,singapore,united,germany,india,hubei,japan,finland,kong,macao,arab,emirates,cambodia,mission,of,ministry,european,south,korea,hong,asian,chinese,foreign,canada,china,states|1580403435
5e40cb3a4aed7a2c27490f48|"For the first time, a patient in Hong Kong also died of the virus. The hospital authorities of the Chinese Special Administrative Regions confirmed the death of a 39-year-old. As reported by the South China Morning Post, the man had previously visited the city of Wuhan, which was particularly affected by the virus. According to local media, the man suffered from other health problems that made his treatment more difficult because of the virus. Since the outbreak of the new lung disease, this is only the second confirmed death outside the mainland of China. On Sunday, the death of a Chinese man from Wuhan was reported in the Philippine capital Manila. The Coronavirus called 2019-nCoV first appeared on a market in the Chinese city of Wuhan in December. Patients suffer from cough, fever, difficulty breathing, even pneumonia. Recently, the number of confirmed infections and deaths in China has risen sharply. Recently, the Chinese health authority 20.438 reported confirmed diseases, which were 3.225 new cases compared to the previous day. The number of deaths increased by 64 to 425. The authorities in China are trying to contain the disease with drastic measures. For example, in the crisis region of Central China, 45 million people were killed in several cities. Overland connections with buses have been suspended, flights and trains have been reduced. The city of Wenzhou, more than 800-kilometre east of Wuhan, has imposed a curfew on the nine million inhabitants. Each family may select only one member who can go shopping every two days. In Hong Kong, the authorities recorded a total of fifteen cases of Coronavirus infection. The local head of government Carrie Lam closed almost all land crossings to mainland China. Only two transitions should remain open Yeah. Macau's Chinese special management zone closes its casinos for two weeks, making it a popular destination for mainland Chinese travellers. On Monday, the Chinese leadership had for the first time admitted an error in dealing with the epidemic in the face of the rapidly increasing number of infections in an unusual step. The Standing Committee of the Politburo of the ruling Communist Party said, according to the state news agency Xinhua, the response to the epidemic revealed ""errors and difficulties"" in national emergency management. In the port of Yokohama in Japan, more than 3.700 passengers of a cruise ship were quarantined. The suspicion that people on board might be infected with the pathogen had arisen because of an 80-year-old passenger who had left the ship in Hong Kong a few days earlier. It was subsequently tested positively for the virus by the authorities of the Chinese Special Administrative Zone. The 80-year-old had travelled aboard the Diamond Princess of the British-American cruise company Carnival. Carnival confirms that the loading time of the ship will be delayed by approximately 24 hours so that the authorities can check the health of the 2.666 guests and 1.045 crew members on board. Twenty cases of Coronavirus infection have so far been reported in Japan. More than 500 Japanese have since been flown out of the Central Chinese million metropolis of Wuhan."|Chinese, China, authorities, Wuhan, virus, confirmed, reported, time, Hong, Kong, death, year, man, city, health, mainland, Coronavirus, number, cases, million|death,virus,health,authorities,Kong|wuhan,yokohama,politburo,princess,wenzhou,carnival,philippine,coronavirus,party,diamond,japan,communist,japanese,manila,morning,xinhua,s,kong,lam,british,standing,the,american,of,regions,south,zone,macau,hong,central,committee,chinese,special,china,post,carrie,administrative|1580795220
5e3fa6d37789d687c1b75778|Ottawa, 5 February. /tass/ Canadian doctors found a Canadian resident with the coronavirus 2019 ncov. On Tuesday, CTV television reported the situation with the help of Bonnie Henry, a representative of the British Columbia Department of health. According to her data, this is a 50-year-old woman who visited Wuhan before air traffic with Chinese cities was disrupted. Two days ago, her feelings deteriorated dramatically. Under Canadian law, the diagnosis of local experts must now be confirmed in the Canadian National Laboratory. A previous case of coronavirus has been found in British Columbia, with three more people in Ontario. They all went to Wuhan.|Canadian, found, coronavirus, British, Columbia, Wuhan, Ottawa, February, tass, doctors, resident, 2019, ncov, Tuesday, CTV, television, reported, situation, Bonnie, Henry|situation,tass,ncov,found,Ottawa|ottawa,british,laboratory,wuhan,ctv,bonnie,canadian,chinese,henry,department,ontario,national,columbia|1580877184
5e43fb105f23719b6c6f642f|(Reuters) - The following is a list of international sports events affected by the coronavirus that has killed over 1,000 people and infected more than 42,000 in China after it first emerged in Wuhan, Hubei province, late last year: * The World Athletics Indoor Championships, which had been scheduled for Nanjing from March 13-15, were postponed until next year. World Athletics is working with organizers to settle on a date to host the biennial event in 2021. * The Asian Athletics Association canceled its Feb. 12-13 indoor championships in Hangzhou. * Asian Champions League matches involving Chinese clubs Guangzhou Evergrande, Shanghai Shenhua and Shanghai SIPG have been postponed. Guangzhou and the Shanghai clubs will join the competition in April, with their group matches due to be played in May. Shanghai Shenhua and Shanghai SIPG were due to play away at Perth Glory and Sydney FC but Australian officials sought to reschedule matches after their government imposed a travel ban on foreign nationals arriving from China. * A four-team women’s Olympic qualifying tournament involving China, Australia, Taiwan and Thailand was moved from Wuhan and rearranged to be held in Australia by the AFC. * Vietnam’s government said it would not allow the country to host sporting events in February, meaning home AFC Cup group stage matches for Ho Chi Minh City and Than Quang Ninh will have to be switched to away fixtures. Ho Chi Minh City will now face Yangon United in Myanmar on Feb. 11 while Than Quang Ninh meet Ceres Negros on Feb. 25 in the Philippines. * The Chinese Football Association said domestic games at all levels would be postponed. * The all-electric Formula E motor racing series abandoned plans for a race in Sanya on March 21. The move puts Formula One in the spotlight, with Shanghai due to host the Chinese Grand Prix on April 19. * The International Tennis Federation moved the Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Group I event featuring China, Taiwan, Indonesia, South Korea and Uzbekistan out of Dongguan to Nur-Sultan (formerly Astana) in Kazakhstan. But the Feb. 4-8 event was later postponed here after Kazakhstan declined to serve as substitute hosts. * The Feb. 25 to March 1 China Masters tournament in Hainan was postponed after several players withdrew. The BWF said it hoped the flagship Badminton Asia Championships could still go ahead in Wuhan from April 21-26. * China and Hong Kong were forced to withdraw from the Feb. 11-16 Badminton Asia Team Championships in Manila, organizers said. [L4N2AB103] * The International Olympic Committee announced Jordan as hosts of the boxing qualifiers for Asia and Oceania after an event in Wuhan was canceled. It will now take place in Amman from March 3 to 11. * The International Basketball Federation moved the Feb. 6-9 Tokyo Olympics qualifiers to be held in Foshan to Belgrade. * The FIBA Asia Cup 2021 qualifying match between China and Malaysia, to be held in Foshan on Feb. 24, will be rescheduled. * The elite women’s LPGA golf tour canceled the March 5-8 Blue Bay tournament to be held on Hainan. The tour also canceled the Honda LPGA Thailand event in Pattaya scheduled for Feb. 20-23 and the Feb. 27-March 1 HSBC Women’s World Championship in Singapore. * The PGA Tour Series-China moved its Feb. 25-28 global qualifying tournament to Lagoi, Indonesia, from Haikou. * Hockey Pro League matches between China and Australia, scheduled for March 14-15 in Changzhou, will not be played.|Feb, China, March, Shanghai, postponed, event, matches, Asia, Wuhan, canceled, tournament, moved, held, World, Athletics, Championships, scheduled, host, Chinese, April|matches,tournament,host,Shanghai,March|thailand,malaysia,olympic,bwf,singapore,shenhua,evergrande,masters,tokyo,foshan,association,fed,grand,asian,yangon,federation,committee,negros,pga,sipg,shanghai,basketball,belgrade,astana,vietnam,pro,perth,nur,team,tour,hubei,champions,guangzhou,haikou,sultan,international,s,kong,fiba,olympics,ceres,kazakhstan,korea,than,athletics,chinese,sanya,china,indoor,minh,taiwan,philippines,jordan,australian,prix,dongguan,sydney,afc,world,united,badminton,formula,championships,hainan,chi,april,february,nanjing,quang,series,championship,amman,hangzhou,myanmar,honda,lagoi,uzbekistan,one,blue,hockey,wuhan,city,fc,lpga,australia,tennis,hsbc,changzhou,oceania,pattaya,ninh,cup,indonesia,manila,e,glory,south,bay,hong,football,ho,asia,women,league|1581401340
5e3fa6227789d687c1b75738|"Moscow, 5 February. /tass/ Russia has no plans to completely stop issuing visas to Chinese citizens as a measure to prevent the spread of Colorado virus 2019 ncov. Russian Vice Foreign Minister Yevgeny Ivanov pointed out this in an interview with businesspeople on Wednesday. As far as I know, no such measures have been planned yet, ""Ivanov said in response to a question about the possible complete suspension of visa issuance to Chinese citizens by Russia. I remember that under the leadership of the Deputy Prime Minister of the government, Tatyana Golikova, we set up a combat command to prevent the infection and spread of coronavirus. The committee includes a representative of the Ministry of foreign affairs. He explained that headquarters was monitoring the situation in real time and making decisions based on the information received. Earlier, the Russian government had ordered a temporary halt to the issuance of work visas to Chinese people and restricted the movement of Chinese citizens across the border between Russia and Mongolia. According to the latest data, the total number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 24300. About 500 people died and more than 900 recovered. The disease has also been found in 24 other countries, including Russia."|Russia, Chinese, citizens, visas, prevent, spread, Russian, Minister, Ivanov, issuance, government, coronavirus, people, Moscow, February, tass, plans, completely, stop, issuing|citizens,Russian,government,spread,Moscow|tatyana,russia,colorado,chinese,golikova,foreign,russian,ivanov,china,of,mongolia,ministry,moscow,yevgeny|1580951058
5e40ce9cc0fe4e1400def46f|"The president of the Robert Koch institutes has relativized the global threat posed by the new Coronavirus. ""There are no major infection chains outside China,"" Lothar Wieler said in the ZDF journal today. However, the microbiologist stressed that the severity of the disease caused by it could not yet be accurately assessed. ""We do not have complete information,"" said Wieler. According to the authorities, the number of confirmed infections in China is currently around 900. More than 25 of patients have died, mostly elderly people with pre-existing illnesses. (dpa)"|China, Wieler, president, Robert, Koch, institutes, relativized, global, threat, posed, Coronavirus, major, infection, chains, Lothar, ZDF, journal, microbiologist, stressed, severity|Wieler,relativized,posed,Lothar,journal|coronavirus,koch,robert,china,wieler,zdf,lothar|1579820400
5e41553ccae8370994363cb7|"The 20 people who arrived in Lisbon from China shared a plane with other Europeans to Marseilles, some with suspected symptoms of infection of the new coronavirus, but were not in contact, the Portuguese Health Minister said today. At a press conference, Minister Marta Temido stated that on the route of the second plane passing France from the Chinese city of Wuhan, in which the 20 group arrived in Lisbon also traveled, ""a flight protocol allowing for non-contact travel"" between passengers was followed. On arrival in Marseille, 20 of those repatriated from France showed symptoms of possible contagion and were immediately subjected to medical examinations and examinations. Although European sources told Lusa on Thursday that 17 Portuguese citizens had been calling to return from Wuhan, the epicenter of the new coronavirus epidemic, today returned 20, including two Portuguese diplomats who accompanied the return, and two Brazilian citizens. Questioned about a plane with Chinese passengers that landed on Saturday at Ponta Delgada, after being refused landing in other countries, Health Director Grace Freitas mentioned that none of the passengers were coming from Wuhan. The person responsible indicated that it was the Azorean customs authorities who contacted the health authorities, who conducted an epidemiological inquiry and collected the medical history of the passengers. Grace Freitas has indicated that at Portuguese airports the recommended international health authorities are doing so, advising passengers to be alert to symptoms, and that ""there is no indication to make an entrance screening"" Yeah. The health minister said that the 20 people taken from China who have arrived in Lisbon will be isolated and make analyses to avoid the new coronavirus, the results of which will be presented ""in the next few hours"". Marta Temido stressed that ""from the outset, these people are not sick"" with the new coronavirus, and that the group will spend four days in prophylactic isolation. During this period, no visitors, even if controlled. The Health Directorate-General will make a daily clinical bulletin of the group and the Ministry of Health will hold a daily press conference to report on the evolution of the situation. In the transport plane C-130 of the Portuguese Air Force, the people who decided to leave Wuhan, epicenter of the coronavirus contagion, were accompanied by eight crew members and eight health professionals, including an international health team. China has today elevated to 304 dead and over 14 thousand infected the balance of the pneumonia outbreak caused by a new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) detected in December in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province (centre). The Philippines also today announced the death of a Chinese national, the first fatality victim outside China. In addition to the mainland of China and the Chinese regions of Macao and Hong Kong, there are cases of infection confirmed in 24 other countries. The World Health Organisation (WHO) declared on Thursday an international public health emergency because of the outbreak."|coronavirus, health, 20, China, Portuguese, Health, Wuhan, passengers, people, plane, Chinese, arrived, Lisbon, symptoms, group, authorities, international, make, infection, contact|health,passengers,arrived,authorities,international|philippines,wuhan,marseilles,portuguese,freitas,health,force,marta,temido,france,world,hubei,grace,lisbon,ponta,marseille,lusa,delgada,who,kong,macao,azorean,of,ministry,european,hong,europeans,chinese,brazilian,china,organisation,air,province|1580686440
5e3faa987789d687c1b7590a|"Moscow, 27 January. /tass/ There are about 30 drugs in the anti Colorado virus 2019 ncov. Gennady Onishchenko, former head of the consumer protection agency of the Russian Federation and the first vice chairman of the State Duma education and Science Commission, announced the announcement at echo radio Moscow. To appease our society: there are already about 30 kinds of drugs in the treatment, they are trying to prevent and treat the virus. Twelve of them are people living with HIV that we are treating, and we provide prevention services to children living with HIV. It's like indynavir. "" Thank goodness, these drugs are being used against this coronavirus. "" ""We have 39 ganavirusov we know now, and they have known that since 1965."" The 2019 ncov pneumonia caused by coronavirus was recorded in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province, at the end of December last year, China is a large industrial and commercial center with a population of more than 11 million. At present, there are more than 2700 confirmed cases and 80 deaths in China. Cases have been reported in almost all parts of China, including Beijing and Shanghai About The Colorado virus has also been found in Australia, France, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Thailand, the United States and Vietnam. The World Health Organization is aware of the outbreak of pneumonia in China's national emergency, But so far, I have not declared an international emergency."|China, drugs, virus, Moscow, 30, Colorado, 2019, ncov, living, HIV, coronavirus, pneumonia, emergency, 27, January, tass, anti, Gennady, Onishchenko, head|27,virus,ncov,anti,pneumonia|commission,state,wuhan,thailand,russian,malaysia,nepal,health,hiv,duma,vietnam,australia,beijing,france,republic,world,singapore,united,hubei,gennady,and,japan,s,education,colorado,the,science,of,korea,moscow,federation,organization,china,states,onishchenko,shanghai,province|1580134879
5e40f6ed8b3ade896662c6d0|(Reuters) - Here are the latest developments around the new coronavirus outbreak: * China’s National Health Commission (NHC) said on Monday the death toll rose to 908, as employees began trickling back to offices and factories around China after the government eased some restrictions on work and travel. * Across mainland China, there were 3,062 new confirmed infections as of Sunday, bringing the total number so far to 40,171. * An advance team of international experts led by the World Health Organization (WHO) is heading for Beijing to help investigate the epidemic. * Sixty more confirmed cases of coronavirus have been found aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship docked in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, bringing the total cases on the ship to 130, according to domestic broadcaster TBS TV. * Over the weekend, an American hospitalized in the central city of Wuhan became the first confirmed non-Chinese victim of the disease. A Japanese man who also died there was another suspected victim. * The virus has spread to at least 27 countries and territories, according to a Reuters count based on official reports, infecting more than 330 people. Two deaths have been reported outside mainland China. * Across China, schools in provinces and regions such as Guangdong, Anhui, Zhejiang, Heilongjiang, Jiangsu, Shandong, Hebei, Jiangxi, and Inner Mongolia, as well as Shanghai and Chongqing will be shut through the end of February. * The latest patients outside China include a group of British nationals staying in a mountain village in Haute-Savoie in the Alps, French health officials said, raising fears of further infections across Europe. * Asian shares pared early losses as Chinese authorities lifted some restrictions on work and travel, helping businesses resume work though overall sentiment was still jittery. * China said a total of 71.85 billion yuan ($10.28 billion) had been allocated as of Saturday afternoon to fight the virus . * Hong Kong introduced a two-week quarantine on Saturday for all people arriving from the mainland, or who have been there during the previous 14 days. Malaysia expanded its ban on visitors from China. * France said it did not recommend traveling to China unless there was an “imperative” reason. Italy asked children traveling from China to stay away from school for two weeks. * Taiwan, which has 16 cases, banned international cruise ships from docking. * A Chinese doctor who issued an early warning about the virus outbreak before it was officially recognized died of the virus last week.|China, virus, work, mainland, confirmed, total, cases, Chinese, Reuters, latest, coronavirus, outbreak, Health, restrictions, travel, infections, bringing, international, cruise, ship|virus,travel,international,confirmed,outbreak|commission,zhejiang,taiwan,wuhan,jiangsu,yokohama,guangdong,malaysia,health,jiangxi,princess,beijing,france,world,diamond,italy,reuters,japanese,haute,heilongjiang,who,tokyo,s,shandong,kong,british,chongqing,american,anhui,mongolia,tbs,hong,asian,non,alps,inner,organization,chinese,french,china,nhc,national,hebei,shanghai,tv,europe,savoie|1581357000
5e3fa68d7789d687c1b7575f|"Geneva, 5 February. /tass/ World Health Organization（ These funds are needed for antiviral surgery in the next three months, as the WHO director general, tederos Adana gebreysu, said at a news conference in Geneva on Wednesday. ""We are asking $675 million to fund plans for the next three months,"" he said. The head of who reported that it launched a strategic training program on 5 February to support countries in preventing, identifying and diagnosing the transfer of Colorado virus. "" As the general manager stressed, ""6.775 billion dollars is a lot of money, but it is much less than the amount that must be paid, If we don't invest in preparatory activities now. "" Without political, technical and financial solidarity, he said, it would be impossible to defeat coronavirus. "" He explained that of the amount requested, $60 million was for who operations and the rest for ""special risk"" countries. Tros Adan gebreysus has pledged who's continued support for the Chinese government's efforts to fight the 2019 ncov outbreak at the epicenter of the ""Wuhan City"" earthquake. So far, he said, 99% of cases have occurred in China. About Meanwhile, 80% of the cases occurred in Hubei Province. 191 cases have been found in 24 countries outside China. The general manager said, ""this is not the time to panic."" ""There is a need for reasonable, evidence-based action and investment to control the outbreak."" As tedros Adan gebreyesus points out, who has allocated $9 million from its emergency fund to fight the coronavirus. In addition, scientific work is ongoing to clarify the current outbreak. On 5 February, the WHO strategic and technical advisory group discussed the issue. In addition, an international expert group on infectious diseases led by who will be sent to China soon."|February, general, million, countries, outbreak, cases, China, Geneva, months, fund, strategic, support, manager, amount, technical, coronavirus, Adan, fight, occurred, addition|occurred,months,fund,strategic,general|world,adana,wuhan,colorado,organization,geneva,tros,chinese,city,china,hubei,health,tederos,adan,who,gebreysu,tedros|1580934892
5e412652580f2ab8cd8a05de|WUHAN (XINHUA) - Fifteen medical workers in central Chinese city of Wuhan have been diagnosed with pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), with an additional suspected case, the municipal health commission reported early Tuesday (Jan 21) morning. One of the 16 patients is in critical condition while the rest are in stable condition. All of them are being treated in isolation, the commission said. Medical staff are at the forefront in the prevention and control of the epidemic, the commission said, noting that local hospitals have stepped up efforts to control nosocomial infections, protect medical professionals and strengthened routine monitoring, with suspected cases receiving timely testing and treatment. A high-level expert team of China's National Health Commission have confirmed people-to-people transmission of the 2019-nCoV and infections among medical staff. As of 6pm on Monday, a total of 224 cases of pneumonia caused by 2019-nCoV had been reported in China. Of them, 217 had been confirmed, with 14 in Guangdong province, five in Beijing and 198 in Wuhan where the first case was identified with a third death confirmed on Jan 18. Wuhan has designated nine hospitals for pneumonia treatment and 61 fever clinics amid an increase in coronavirus-related pneumonia cases.|pneumonia, medical, Wuhan, 2019, nCoV, commission, cases, confirmed, caused, coronavirus, suspected, case, reported, Jan, condition, staff, control, hospitals, infections, treatment|pneumonia,commission,suspected,Jan,confirmed|commission,wuhan,chinese,ncov,china,guangdong,health,national,2019,beijing,s|1579562110
5e3fbb5f8b626a2f83fcac5e|Virus and biotechnology studies at the global monitoring center confirm these diseases. Source: Center for systems and engineering theory, Johns Hopkins University. The Federal Bureau of consumer protection and human welfare reports that people from China have been inspected as a result of monitoring. Two new cases of coronavirus infection were found. From the first day of his stay in Russia, the patients were placed in the boxing section of the infectious diseases hospital, and those close to him were taken to the hospital. The disease appeared in mild clinical form. As of the evening of January 31, 9776 people in 23 countries, including Finland, France and Germany, were infected with Colorado virus. The victims were 213.|monitoring, diseases, people, hospital, Virus, biotechnology, studies, global, center, confirm, Source, Center, systems, engineering, theory, Johns, Hopkins, University, Federal, Bureau|Federal,Hopkins,studies,confirm,systems|france,hopkins,russia,germany,colorado,protection,china,bureau,university,federal,of,consumer,johns,finland|1580488620
5e3f9f4dc7d7d06da7396dff|Beijing, February 6 - Russia News Agency. China protested and protested against countries that had imposed excessive restrictions on China due to the spread of coronavirus, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hua Chunying said in an online briefing on Thursday. She stressed that the who appreciated the measures taken by the Chinese government to control the spread of the disease and repeatedly said that it would not recommend limiting the spread of the disease. Travel and trade with China. After some countries adopted excessive response measures, the international civil aviation organization also issued a statement calling on all countries to comply with the WHO recommendations. She said the actions of these countries not only do not help to curb the spread of the disease, but also artificially cause social panic. This is a serious obstacle to normal international exchange and cooperation. A spokesman for China's foreign ministry on Monday accused Washington of panicking over China's measures About According to Hua Chunying, the United States first withdrew from Wuhan, where its consular staff were working, and first expressed its desire to withdraw part of its embassy staff from China, The first to declare a complete ban on all Chinese citizens from entering the United States violated who's recommendations. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 28000 infections in China, 563 of which have died.|China, countries, spread, Chinese, measures, disease, protested, excessive, spokesman, Hua, Chunying, international, recommendations, United, States, Wuhan, staff, Beijing, February, Russia|disease,international,recommendations,Chunying,countries|russia,united,wuhan,colorado,chinese,news,foreign,hubei,china,chunying,washington,states,hua,ministry,agency,beijing,s|1580977920
5e3fbb2b5e40789c25090a4b|"Kiev, 5 January/ ""Ukrainian International Airlines""（ ""On January 4, maw completed the last flight of the Sanya Kiev route and suspended air traffic between Ukraine and China. Airlines and tour operators agreed to suspend flights until the situation in the region normalized, the source said. Mauritius noted that it is implementing the recommendation on measures to prevent the spread of Colorado virus 2019-ncov. "" Upon arrival at Borispol International Airport, doctors at the health and quarantine station of the Ministry of health immediately carried out mandatory checks on passengers and crew members. The plane was thoroughly cleaned and disinfected. According to the communication, the equipment used for passenger service and the uniforms of the crew will be disposed of. According to the company, 203 passengers flew from China to Ukraine on Tuesday. A total of 457 passengers have returned from Maru since the outbreak of the coronaveros epidemic. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to the world health organization that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia broke out in Wuhan, central China. Experts identified the cause of the Colorado virus About In the past 24 hours, the number of people dying of coronavirus in China has increased to 490, and the number of people infected has exceeded 24300. Page: 1"|China, health, passengers, Kiev, January, International, Airlines, Ukraine, Colorado, virus, crew, outbreak, number, people, Ukrainian, maw, completed, flight, Sanya, route|health,International,virus,crew,maw|airport,wuhan,airlines,colorado,january,chinese,kiev,ukrainian,sanya,china,mauritius,maru,of,health,ukraine,ministry,international,borispol|1580886540
5e3e66a0ff976e92724b7010|TOKYO (Reuters) - Another 3 people on a cruise liner off Japan have tested positive for coronavirus, bringing the total number of confirmed cases from the ship to 64, Japan’s health ministry said on Saturday. Japan’s health minister on Friday said 41 people aboard the Diamond Princess had tested positive for coronavirus in addition to 20 previously identified cases, with those infected being moved to hospitals on land. The liner was placed on a two-week quarantine on arriving at Yokohama on Feb. 3. Amid an epidemic that has already killed more than 700 in mainland China, Japan’s health ministry said on Saturday that some 279 of the 3,700 people on board the ship when it arrived had been tested for the virus. More than 34,000 infections have now been reported in mainland China in an outbreak that originated in the city of Wuhan, in Hubei province.|Japan, people, tested, health, liner, positive, coronavirus, cases, ship, ministry, Saturday, 700, mainland, China, TOKYO, Reuters, cruise, bringing, total, number|health,Japan,tested,positive,people|wuhan,diamond,hubei,yokohama,china,japan,princess,tokyo,s|1581085140
5e43fb035f23719b6c6f6406|TASHKENT (Reuters) - Uzbekistan is sending 40 tonnes of protective suits, masks and gloves to virus-hit China, the Central Asian nation’s government said on Wednesday, as a fully loaded military cargo plane departed Tashkent. Uzbekistan’s government has stopped all regular flights to China, its major trade partner and investor, due to an outbreak of a new coronavirus, which emerged there late last year. Chinese authorities have reported shortages of protective medical equipment. The Tashkent cabinet said in a statement it was preparing a second shipment. It did not specify whether the flights were headed for the city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the outbreak, Beijing, or another location in China.|China, Uzbekistan, protective, government, Tashkent, flights, outbreak, TASHKENT, Reuters, sending, 40, tonnes, suits, masks, gloves, virus, hit, Central, Asian, nation|virus,40,flights,tonnes,government|central,tashkent,wuhan,uzbekistan,chinese,china,beijing,s,asian|1581505740
5e3e6810ff976e92724b7102|BEIJING (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department warned Americans in China about an outbreak of pneumonia in the central city of Wuhan believed to be caused by a new strain of coronavirus, which has killed one person. The outbreak comes ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday in late January, when many of China’s 1.4 billion people will be travelling to their home towns or abroad. The World Health Organization and Chinese authorities are taking steps to ensure the disease does not spread further. Thai health authorities said on Wednesday they were stepping up monitoring of passengers arriving at airports with infrared thermal scanners ahead of the holiday, when 800,000 Chinese tourists are expected to visit the country. Memories remain fresh in Asia of a 2002-2003 outbreak of SARS, or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which emerged in China and killed nearly 800 people worldwide. WHO has said there may have been limited human-to-human transmission of the new coronavirus in China within families. And authorities in Wuhan confirmed on Wednesday that a married couple were among 41 people diagnosed with pneumonia believed to be caused by the new virus. There were no new cases or deaths at the end of Tuesday, the city’s health authority said. The Wuhan Municipal Health Commission did not say in the statement whether the couple represented an instance of human-to-human transmission. But it said the husband, who worked at a seafood market suspected of being at the epicentre of the outbreak, was the first to fall ill and that his wife did not have any exposure to the market. Some of the other people diagnosed also denied visiting the market, the commission said. The authorities in Wuhan also confirmed that a Chinese woman quarantined in Thailand, the first case of the mystery strain of coronavirus to be detected outside of China, had come from Wuhan. The State Department’s notice referred to an alert by the U .S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention urging citizens in China travelling to Wuhan to avoid contact with animals, animal markets or animal products, among other precautions. It also asked citizens those who had visited Wuhan and feel sick to seek medical care. The Wuhan health commission said in another statement issued late Wednesday that 7 of the 41 pneumonia patients have been released. The statement also said that 450 of the 763 people put under observation due to their close contact with known patients have been released.|Wuhan, China, people, outbreak, authorities, human, pneumonia, coronavirus, Chinese, health, Wednesday, statement, market, State, Department, city, believed, caused, strain, killed|health,State,authorities,human,pneumonia|commission,state,wuhan,thailand,disease,thai,department,severe,health,municipal,sars,beijing,world,americans,and,prevention,year,u,s,for,respiratory,lunar,acute,new,organization,chinese,centers,china,asia,control,syndrome|1579098960
5e3e6779ff976e92724b70bc|TOKYO (Reuters) - Health screening began on Tuesday for some 3,700 passengers and crew aboard a cruise liner held in quarantine at the Japanese port of Yokohama, after a Hong Kong passenger who sailed on the vessel last month tested positive for the Wuhan coronavirus. The 80-year-old man flew to Japan and boarded the ship, the Diamond Princess, run by Carnival Japan Inc, in Yokohama on Jan. 20 and disembarked in Hong Kong on Jan. 25, the company said. Photographs and video posted on Twitter by a passenger with the handle @daxa_tw showed masked health workers clad in blue plastic gowns walking down empty corridors as well as views of deserted lounges and a barren deck. Guests awaiting screening were asked to stay in their cabins, where they answered a questionnaire and had their temperatures taken. But onboard announcements later in the day said about 70% of the health checks had been completed and activities were operating normally except for the casino, shops and photo studio. Some family members expressed concern about relatives trapped on board. “Unaffected people can easily say ‘keep them out’ but my whole family wants my precious sister to come home safe,” wrote one Twitter user. Carnival Japan, a unit of British-American cruise operator Carnival Corp, confirmed that the turnaround of the ship had been delayed by about 24 hours for authorities to review the health of all 2,666 guests and 1,045 crew on board. About half of those on board were Japanese, a company spokeswoman said. Carnival’s Princess Cruises Japan later said cruises scheduled to depart from Yokohama on Tuesday and the western Japanese port of Kobe on Thursday would be canceled because of delays related to the coronavirus checks . Once everyone’s health was checked, those with fevers or who felt unwell would be tested, after which authorities would decide whether to let people leave the ship, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference in Tokyo. A health ministry official said not everyone would be tested with PCR (polymerase chain reaction) kits because it was too time-consuming and deemed unnecessary. Public broadcaster NHK said authorities were checking whether the Hong Kong man who later tested positive had disembarked when the ship docked in Kagoshima, southwest Japan. NHK also said that when the ship made a stop in Naha on Japan’s southern island of Okinawa, about 10 passengers got off after checks showed no passengers had fever or other symptoms. Also on Tuesday, Japan expanded the scope of its screening for the virus generally after some people who had not met criteria for testing were later found to be infected. Opposition parties and some experts have criticized the government for responding too slowly to the risks following the outbreak of the coronavirus in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. So far, the epidemic that has claimed more than 420 lives in mainland China. Chinese make up 30% of all tourists traveling to Japan and nearly 40% of the total amount foreign visitors spent last year, according to an industry survey. Japan has 20 confirmed coronavirus cases, of these 17 people have been in Wuhan. And on Saturday, Japan began refusing entry to foreigners who have been in Hubei province, where Wuhan is located, in the past 14 days as well as people with passports issued in Hubei. Suga said that as of Feb. 3, eight foreigners had been barred from entering Japan. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told a parliamentary panel  the government would be flexible about expanding areas in China from which visitors would be banned, depending on trends in China . Some countries including the United States and Australia have denied entry to all foreign nationals traveling from China. Separately, Taiwan’s government said on Tuesday it would ban cruise ships from calling at the island if they had visited China, Hong Kong or Macau in the 14 days before, or 28 days before if they had previously carried confirmed or suspected cases of the virus.|Japan, ship, health, people, China, Tuesday, Hong, Kong, tested, Wuhan, coronavirus, Carnival, screening, passengers, cruise, Japanese, Yokohama, checks, board, confirmed|health,board,Japan,Kong,checks|taiwan,wuhan,kagoshima,yokohama,kobe,princess,australia,carnival,united,diamond,hubei,japan,abe,japanese,shinzo,tokyo,s,okinawa,kong,british,yoshihide,cruises,american,naha,inc,macau,hong,saturday,chinese,corp,china,states,nhk,suga|1580911980
5e3e643ec1ed9bdff74a3c73|"The Surat diamond industry is likely to face a loss of around Rs 8,000 crores in next two months as Hong Kong, which is a major export destination, has declared a state of emergency due to the coronavirus outbreak in China, say experts.  Hong Kong is a major business hub for the Surat diamond industry, but schools and colleges have been closed there till the first week of March and even businesses are seeing a dip in view of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. According to Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) regional chairman Dinesh Navadiya, polished diamonds worth around Rs 50,000 crore are exported from Surat to Hong Kong every year. ""That's around 37 per cent of the total exports from here. Now, due to the coronavirus scare, Hong Kong has declared a month-long vacation. Gujarati traders having offices there are coming back to India,"" he said. If the situation does not improve, it will have a huge impact on the Surat diamond industry, which polishes 99 per cent of all rough diamonds imported in the country, he said. ""The Surat diamond industry is staring at a loss of around Rs 8,000 crore for February and March,"" he added. Another industry expert and diamond merchant Pravin Nanavati said there was a possibility of cancellation of an international jewellery exhibition in Hong Kong, to be held next month, due to the coronavirus scare, which would hit also the jewellery business in Surat. ""Polished diamonds and jewellery made in Surat reach across the world through Hong Kong only. Now, due to vacations there, our business is totally closed. Traders are also returning to India,"" he said. If the situation does not improve, the Surat diamond trade losses may run into ""several thousand crores"", he said. ""We have been informed that the international exhibition in Hong Kong may be put off due to the coronavirus scare. We sell a huge quantity of diamonds at the mega event,"" Nanavati said . Orders are also placed at the event and the entire year's manufacturing targets are set based on the response that Surat diamond traders get there, he said. ""If the event gets cancelled, we will lose huge business,"" he added. Hong Kong has one of the world's busiest airports and is a major transit point for China. It is also struggling with the virus outbreak, with 18 people testing positive for the disease, including one who died. On Tuesday, health officials in Hong Kong warned that there was growing evidence now of local transmissions -- cases where people have become infected without travelling to China. The coronavirus is a large family of viruses that causes illnesses ranging from common cold to acute respiratory syndromes, but the virus that has killed people in China is a novel strain and not seen before. Common symptoms of the novel coronavirus strain include respiratory symptoms such as fever, cough and shortness of breath, according to the WHO. So far, the disease has killed more than 400 people in China and infected a further 20,000, nearly all of them in Hubei, a province in the central part of the country."|Surat, Hong, Kong, diamond, coronavirus, industry, due, China, 000, business, diamonds, people, Rs, major, outbreak, scare, huge, jewellery, event, loss|Kong,Hong,outbreak,loss,event|kong,promotion,india,pravin,export,and,that,china,surat,dinesh,gujarati,rs,nanavati,gems,jewellery,council,navadiya,who,s,hong|1580892360
5e412657580f2ab8cd8a05e7|"The latest scary new virus that has captured the world's horrified attention, caused a lockdown of 56 million people in China, disrupted travel plans around the globe and sparked a run on medical masks from Wuhan, Hubei province, to Bryan, Texas, is known provisionally as 2019-nCoV. It is a clunky moniker for a lurid threat. The name, picked by the team of Chinese scientists who isolated and identified the virus, is short for ""novel coronavirus of 2019"". It reflects the fact that the virus was first recognised to have infected humans late last year - in a seafood and live-animal market in Wuhan - and that it belongs to the coronavirus family, a notorious group."|virus, Wuhan, 2019, coronavirus, latest, scary, captured, world, horrified, attention, caused, lockdown, 56, million, people, China, disrupted, travel, plans, globe|scary,virus,attention,globe,caused|texas,wuhan,hubei,chinese,china,bryan|1580331600
5e3fa304c7d7d06da7396ed4|Moscow, February 4 - Russian news agency. Sergei berkova, Deputy Minister of health of Russia, announced that no Colorado virus strain has been isolated from patients infected in Russia.|Russia, Moscow, February, Russian, agency, Sergei, berkova, Deputy, Minister, health, announced, Colorado, virus, strain, isolated, patients, infected|health,virus,infected,Russian,Sergei|russia,berkova,colorado,sergei,russian,moscow|1580801700
5e3fa83d7789d687c1b75817|"Vladivostok, February 1. /tass/ A separate dormitory, temporary accommodation for students from China, where there is a sudden pneumonia, caused by the coronavirus, Prepared by far east Federal University (Far East Federal University) and recommended March 1 in advance if students arrive. The guest comments reflect the personal opinions and opinions of the guests of booking.com after staying in the hotel. There are nearly 1500 Chinese students in the Far East, most of whom left in January when China celebrated the Oriental New Year. After the holiday, 850 Chinese citizens are expected to return home. According to the suggestion of the Russian Federation's consumer rights protection agency, the International Relations Department of the far east ministry of Finance and accounting informed Chinese students on leave that they should not return to Russia before March 1. Russian students will begin classes after their holiday on February 25. ""The Far East Federal University campus is equipped with a separate dormitory to provide temporary and compact accommodation for students from China if they arrive before the holiday The proposed date is March 1. There are 260 seats in the dormitory. At present, there are 10 Chinese people in the dormitory, who enjoy the quarantine system for two weeks. Foreigners receive physical examination every day About They are provided with meals and comfortable accommodation. Once suspected, they will be transferred to a nearby temporary detention facility, which has 10 wards, including a special care unit. The Ministry of higher education has also set up an operational headquarters, a medical examination centre for students and a mask system for staff at university facilities. The houses were disinfected intensively. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. The World Health Organization has confirmed an international emergency in Colorado. So far, the number of patients in China has exceeded 11000. 259 people died."|students, China, Chinese, dormitory, temporary, accommodation, Federal, University, East, March, holiday, February, separate, pneumonia, caused, east, arrive, opinions, return, Russian|Federal,Russian,East,pneumonia,dormitory|wuhan,far,russian,department,university,health,relations,world,higher,federal,oriental,year,international,s,east,russia,education,colorado,of,ministry,new,federation,chinese,organization,china,vladivostok|1580575931
5e3e665fff976e92724b6fc0|BEIJING (Reuters) - President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday that China was sure of defeating a “devil” coronavirus that has killed 106 people, but international alarm was rising as the outbreak spread across the world. The United States said it was expanding screening of arrivals from China from five to 20 airports and would consider imposing further travel curbs. “All options for dealing with infectious disease spread have to be on the table, including travel restrictions,” said U.S. Health Secretary Alex Azar. From France to Japan, governments were organising evacuations, while Hong Kong - scene of anti-China unrest for months - planned to suspend rail and ferry links with the mainland. Among countries pulling nationals out of Wuhan, the central Chinese city of 11 million where the outbreak started, the U.S. Embassy in Beijing said a chartered plane would pick up its consular staff on Wednesday. The European Commission said it would help fund two aircraft to fly EU citizens home, with 250 French nationals leaving on the first flight. World Health Organization chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus and Xi met in Beijing to discuss how to protect Chinese and foreigners in areas affected by the virus and possible evacuation alternatives, a WHO spokesman said. “The virus is a devil and we cannot let the devil hide,” state television quoted Xi as saying. “China will strengthen international cooperation and welcomes the WHO participation in virus prevention ... China is confident of winning the battle against the virus.” The UN agency said later that China had agreed that the WHO can send a team of international experts “as soon as possible” to increase understanding of the virus and guide the global response . GRAPHIC: Tracking the outbreak here PERSON-TO-PERSON SPREAD Investors are fretting about the impact of the crisis on the world’s second-biggest economy, though stock markets rebounded on Tuesday following a sharp sell-off the previous day. United Airlines said it was suspending some flights between the United States and China for a week from Feb. 1 due to a “significant decline in demand”, while Facebook Inc and other global companies restricted employee travel to the country. The flu-like virus has spread overseas, but none of the 106 deaths has been outside China and all but six were in Wuhan, where the virus emerged last month, probably from illegally traded wildlife. However, cases in Germany, Vietnam, Taiwan and Japan where the virus has spread person-to-person - as opposed to a visitor from China arriving - have heightened concern. “The reported human-to-human transmission in Germany and Japan is unsurprising to see,” said Michael Head, senior research fellow in global health at Britain’s University of Southampton. “We will continue to see further similar cases outside of China, but the indications are at this stage that onwards transmission will be limited, so there will likely not be too many cases for example across Europe, and on a much lesser scale than we are seeing in China.” Chinese-ruled Hong Kong said high-speed rail services to the mainland would be suspended from midnight on Thursday, while the number of flights would be halved. Chinese authorities later said they would stop issuing travel permits for mainland tourists to visit Hong Kong and neighbouring Macau. Britain advised against all but essential travel to mainland China, excluding Hong Kong and Macau. Thailand confirmed six more infections among visitors from China, taking its tally to 14, the highest outside China. France  had a fourth confirmed case, an elderly Chinese tourist who was said to be in a serious condition . Wuhan is under virtual quarantine, with a lockdown on transport and bans on gatherings. Tens of millions in Hubei province, of which Wuhan is the capital, live under some form of travel curb. The number of confirmed cases in China surged to 4,515 as of Monday from 2,835 the previous day, the government said. Communist Party-ruled China has been eager to show it is transparent over this outbreak, after initially covering up the extent of the 2002-03 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) that killed about 800 people globally. Known as “2019-nCoV”, the newly identified coronavirus can cause pneumonia and, like other respiratory infections, it spreads between people in droplets from coughs and sneezes. It is too early to know what its death rate will be, since there are likely to be many cases of milder disease going undetected. It has an incubation of between one and 14 days. A WHO panel of 16 independent experts twice last week declined to declare an international emergency. Confirmation of any sustained human-to-human spread of the virus outside of China, as well as any documented deaths, would bolster the case for reconsidering. Tedros can reconvene the panel on very short notice as needed, the WHO said.|China, virus, travel, outbreak, spread, Chinese, cases, international, Hong, Kong, mainland, Wuhan, human, Xi, devil, people, United, Japan, global, confirmed|virus,Japan,Kong,international,Hong|commission,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,ghebreyesus,jinping,adhanom,severe,university,health,anti,michael,un,vietnam,eu,beijing,france,world,germany,united,airlines,hubei,southampton,japan,alex,ruled,who,u,s,kong,respiratory,acute,britain,of,european,inc,macau,hong,azar,chinese,french,organization,china,states,xi,syndrome,tedros,head,europe,facebook|1580292480
5e3e6654ff976e92724b6fa4|(Adds details of virus name) By Stephanie Nebehay GENEVA, Feb 7 (Reuters) - The world is facing a chronic shortage of gowns, masks, gloves and other protective equipment in the fight against a spreading coronavirus epidemic, World Health Organization (WHO) chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said on Friday. The U.N. agency has been sending testing kits, masks, gloves, respirators and gowns to every region, Tedros told the WHO Executive Board in Geneva. “However the world is facing a chronic shortage of personnel protective equipment, as you might imagine. “This afternoon I will be speaking to the pandemic supply chain network to identify the bottlenecks and find solutions and push (for) fairness in distribution of equipment,” he said. As of 6 a.m. Geneva time (0500 GMT) there were 31,211 confirmed coronavirus cases in China and 637 deaths, as well as 270 cases in 24 other countries with 1 death, Tedros said. “For the last two days there had been fewer reported infections in China, which is good news, but we caution against reading too much into that. The numbers could go up again,” he said. During its technical briefing for member states, there was discussion about naming the virus - which emerged in a seafood market in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in late December. WHO has already assigned an interim name of 2019-nCOV (novel coronavirus) acute respiratory disease. “We thought it very important that we provide an interim name so no location was associated with the name. I’m sure you have seen many media reports that are still calling this, using the name Wuhan or using China,” WHO epidemiologist Maria van Kerkhove told the board. “We wanted to ensure that there was no stigma associated with this virus, and so we’ve put out this interim name,” she said. Dr . Mike Ryan, WHO’s top emergency expert, said: “I think the bigger point here is to ensure that some of the actions, some of the reactions internationally, it is the responsibility of us all to ensure there is no stigma associated with this disease. “The unnecessary, unhelpful profiling of individuals based on ethnicity is utterly and completely unacceptable and it needs to stop. Governments have a responsibility to communicate with their populations on this,” Ryan told the board.|virus, equipment, coronavirus, Tedros, told, China, interim, ensure, world, facing, chronic, shortage, gowns, masks, gloves, protective, Geneva, cases, Wuhan, disease|virus,Tedros,interim,disease,ensure|wuhan,ghebreyesus,adhanom,health,maria,world,stephanie,geneva,executive,who,u,gmt,n,nebehay,van,kerkhove,ryan,board,organization,chinese,mike,china,tedros|1581078480
5e414c227e27cd38d1b1ef4c|"Chin a is building a hospital in downtown Wuhan to treat and quarantine the coronary patients of the virus that is causing the panic among the population and has already led to the cancellation of Chin e se New Year festivities, a time when huge human masses move to visit relatives. The hospital will be ready in five days and for that, as evidenced by Sky News, China already has more than 30-day diggers and at least ten bulldozers on site. It is twenty thousand square meters that this Friday have begun to be terraced by dozens of lorries and hundreds of people are going to work there. The video filmed with a drone and released by the British television channel and other media is impressive: a giant open-ended shell where several different colour machines move their metal arms and spin in various directions seemingly random. But this is unlikely because China wants the hospital to operate on Monday and the facilities will be able to afford at least 1000 beds. 17 years ago, at the time of the SARS epidemic, another such hospital was built in Beijing. There are already 33 million people in quarantine and the idea of building a new specialized hospital is to centralize infected patients, replicating the situation of 2003 when the epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) occurred. Reports coming in from Wuhan show that the population is indeed frightened because the fear is that this new virus, which may have originated in snakes, will become as deadly as the SARS that killed 774 people in 17 countries. ""The idea of this new building is to fill the few medical resources that exist at the moment Yeah. It will be pre-fabricated and so it will not cost much money and will not take long to build"", explains the Wuhan city officials to the official Changjiang Daily newspaper quoted by Sky News. China announced this Friday the death of a person due to coronavirus near the Russian border. It is the second deadly victim outside the epicenter of the outbreak, precisely the city of Wuhan, raising to 26 the number of dead."|hospital, Wuhan, building, China, people, SARS, Chin, quarantine, patients, virus, population, time, move, Sky, Friday, 17, epidemic, idea, deadly, city|quarantine,virus,move,Chin,patients|e,british,chin,wuhan,sky,news,china,russian,se,daily,year,changjiang,new,sars,beijing|1579872512
5e3e6778ff976e92724b70bb|(Reuters) - Another group of nearly 350 Americans airlifted from the epicenter of China’s fast-spreading coronavirus outbreak were placed under quarantine at two military bases in California on Wednesday, as the number of confirmed U.S. cases of the disease rose to 12. The travelers aboard two State Department-chartered cargo jets were met by personnel from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for screening, and are to remain under mandatory quarantine for 14 days, the incubation period of the virus. Five of the passengers arrived exhibiting possible symptoms, two of them children, and were immediately hospitalized, along with the mother of one of the youngsters, the CDC said. The latest evacuees, together with 195 Americans flown out of Wuhan, China, a week ago by the U.S. government, bring to 540 the number people subject so far to the CDC’s first public health quarantine in 50 years. Wuhan, in China’s Hubei province, is the epicenter of the disease. The two planes in Wednesday’s airlift arrived at Travis Air Force Base in northern California, where 178 passengers from one plane disembarked to begin two weeks of round-the-clock health screening while barred from contact with the general public. None of the group showed signs of disease, except for a small child who developed a fever during the flight and was taken to a nearby hospital with its mother for further testing and medical treatment in isolation, officials said. The other evacuees at Travis will be housed in a hotel on base. After refueling, the second evacuation plane flew on to Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, near San Diego, arriving with 167 passenger. Of that group, three adults and a child “were determined to have a fever or a cough that warranted them being transported to a local hospital for further evaluation,” the CDC said . The rest were placed under quarantine at two housing sites on base. “Because these individuals were in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, where there is intense and escalating community-wide spread of this novel coronavirus, we consider them at high risk of exposure,” said Dr. Christopher Braden, deputy director of the CDC’s National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases. “We are in a critical time period in the international spread of the virus, and this action is necessary to try to prevent the spread here,” Braden told reporters during a briefing at Miramar. He stressed that the CDC’s strategy of early detection and containment of individuals who are sick or at high risk of exposure has been successful in preventing widespread transmission in the United States so far. “If there were ongoing community spread of this virus we would know it, and that’s not happening,” Braden said. “So right now, in the United States, communities across this country are at very low risk of being exposed to this virus, including in San Diego and including on this base.” The United States and other countries have stepped up efforts to evacuate their citizens from China, where the coronavirus outbreak has killed more than 500 people, most in and around Wuhan, and infected more than 28,000. Twelve cases have been confirmed in the United States, none fatal. The latest patient, reported in Wisconsin on Wednesday, is isolated at home and “doing well,” the state health agency said in a statement. As with nine other U.S. cases documented to date, that person fell ill after traveling to China and was exposed to known cases there, the state health department said. Just two confirmed U.S. coronavirus cases were transmitted person-to-person within the United States - both between spouses . The protocols in place at Travis and Miramar were previously instituted at March Air Reserve Base near Los Angeles, where the first group of Americans airlifted from Wuhan landed last Wednesday and are midway through their quarantine. The CDC said the government expects to fly additional groups of Americans and their families from China to other U.S. military bases designated for quarantine in Texas and Nebraska. As part of a U.S. public health emergency declared on Jan. 31 in response to the coronavirus crisis, the Trump administration has barred U.S. entry of all foreign nationals who have recently visited China. The CDC also has ordered a mandatory two-week quarantine for all U.S. travelers who have visited Wuhan or anywhere else in China’s Hubei Province during the past 14 days. Americans who traveled elsewhere in mainland China are subject to two weeks of self-quarantine and monitoring. All commercial flights carrying Americans home from China will be directed to one of 11 U.S. international airports, where passengers will be screened by the CDC. The State Department also has issued a “Do Not Travel” advisory warning U.S. citizens against visits to China.|China, CDC, quarantine, Americans, Wuhan, coronavirus, cases, health, United, States, group, Wednesday, virus, spread, epicenter, outbreak, confirmed, disease, passengers, public|health,quarantine,virus,disease,confirmed|texas,march,travis,state,disease,wuhan,zoonotic,chartered,nebraska,corps,department,force,not,travel,emerging,christopher,united,americans,hubei,and,prevention,wisconsin,miramar,angeles,reserve,u,s,for,braden,california,base,marine,san,infectious,station,diseases,cdc,center,do,diego,centers,wednesday,china,states,national,control,air,trump,los|1580915220
5e4a8ef58aa963bb00692990|1. SC grants permanent commission to women in Army 2. Sena says India's prepping for Trump is slave mentality 3. Airtel pays Rs 10,000 crore dues after govt warning 4. Owaisi slams move to have berth for Shiva on train 5. Coronavirus death toll crosses 1700|SC, grants, permanent, commission, women, Army, Sena, India, prepping, Trump, slave, mentality, Airtel, pays, Rs, 10, 000, crore, dues, govt|slave,prepping,commission,SC,Airtel|india,airtel,coronavirus,sc,trump,owaisi,sena,shiva,s|1581918000
5e3fa5c87789d687c1b75715|"Tass, February 6. Chinese Wei won't compete in the chess tournament in Prague because of a pneumonia outbreak in new Colorado. Chess daily news. According to the website, fide, the 20th Chinese chess master in the ranking of the International Chess Federation, has fulfilled all the official requirements for participating in the competition, But I had to give up. Iranian arilisa firuja was invited to compete in his place. ""It was a very difficult decision for me. However, the situation in Colorado, China, is very complicated, it becomes more difficult, which makes me unable to compete. I'm sorry, but I'm still looking forward to speaking in Prague. ""It could be next year."" The chess match in Prague will be held from February 11 to 22. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, the disease has been found in 24 countries, including Russia. Who recognizes the outbreak as an international emergency and describes it as an epidemic with many places. According to the latest data, more than 28000 new people in China are infected with the virus More than 560 people died of illness and more than 100 recovered."|Chinese, compete, chess, Prague, outbreak, China, February, pneumonia, Colorado, Chess, difficult, 2019, virus, people, Tass, Wei, won, tournament, daily, website|tournament,virus,Tass,pneumonia,chess|iranian,russia,i,federation,m,wuhan,colorado,tass,chinese,chess,china,prague,international,wei|1581021022
5e3faa4c7789d687c1b758ed|"Moscow, 28 January. /tass/ The medical team will strengthen the control and temperature measurement of the guests in the capital hotel where the tourists from China live. Anastasia rakova, deputy mayor of Moscow, briefed TASS on Tuesday. ""We have studied this issue with the Tourism Committee and developed a list of hotels and tourism companies that can provide information about the business of Chinese groups. We have set up a mobile medical team. They will organize additional inspections to measure the temperature of guests from hotels where Chinese tourist groups live. "" She clarified that although the Chinese authorities decided to restrict the departure of organized groups from China, There are already many tourists in Moscow and Russia as a whole. Moscow has taken all measures to prevent the emergence and spread of new coronavirus According to the deputy mayor, the capital works closely with Russia's consumer rights watchdog in Moscow. Epidemic control measures have been taken in the capital, and the disinfection system has been strengthened in places such as sports, cultural and entertainment places and public transport. at the market About Lakova also said that the capital emergency center paid special attention to citizens from China in the past 14 days. "" Respond quickly to the challenges of rising temperatures and suspected oxygen depleting substances. In the past 14 days, she said, special attention has been given to people who are staying in China or who are connected with tourists from China. Earlier, Sergei sobianin, mayor of Moscow, announced, Moscow authorities and the Russian Federation's consumer rights and interests watchdog are studying the possibility of providing special test systems to cities Russian federation On December 31, Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization about the outbreak of unidentified pneumonia in Wuhan. Chinese experts installed Colorado virus 2019 ncov on January 7. China added 4547 new coronavirus infections and 106 deaths on Tuesday afternoon. It was first discovered in the 1960s and is known as a shell fluff, shaped like a corona during an eclipse. From common cold to severe acute respiratory syndrome) About The new coronavirus mers belongs to the same family as the SARS virus in 2003. News has been revised: (16) 39 ISIC time) - added information on text."|Moscow, China, Chinese, capital, tourists, mayor, groups, authorities, coronavirus, special, January, medical, team, control, temperature, guests, live, deputy, Tuesday, hotels|guests,deputy,hotels,mayor,capital|wuhan,russian,health,sars,world,tass,lakova,s,russia,colorado,moscow,federation,tourism,about,committee,chinese,sergei,rakova,organization,anastasia,china,news,sobianin|1580236497
5e46a777856708e6d2c600d0|"One of the three medical students, who had tested positive for novel coronavirus infection and were treated at a hospital in Kerala, has been discharged after recovery, Union health minister Harsh Vardhan said on Thursday.  About the other two, he said subsequent tests indicated significant reduction in ""viral load"". ""We are still waiting for confirmatory results before discharging them. They are stable and recovering. They will be discharged soon,"" Vardhan said. A high-level Group of Ministers, constituted on the directions of the prime minister, held its second meeting to review the current status and actions for prevention and management of the novel coronavirus, named COVID-19 on Thursday. Addressing a press conference, Vardhan said a total of 2,51,447 persons travelling in 2,315 flights have been screened so far. Besides, 15,991 people across the country have been kept on community surveillance. Of them, 497 have been identified as symptomatic cases and isolated while 41 have been hospitalised, Vardhan said. The minister said 645 Indians and seven Maldivians evacuated from China's Wuhan city kept at the quarantine facilities set up by the Army and Indo Tibetan Border Police in and around Delhi, have tested negative for coronavirus. They will be kept under observation and their samples will be re-tested on day 14 of the quarantine period before being discharged, Vardhan said. Vardhan further said India has extended support to Maldives in testing samples and to Bhutan in managing the disease. ""India has also agreed to support Afghanistan in testing samples. India is also extending help to China by sending essential items for combating nCoV as per a commitment made by Prime Minister Narendra Modi as a goodwill gesture,"" Vardhan said, adding he was briefed by Union minister of state for chemical and fertilizers Mansukh Mandaviya at the GoM meeting that the ministry has stocked up medical supplies and personal protection equipments and other required materials in case of an outbreak in India. He added that regular reviews are being held with Ministries of Health, Defence, External Affairs, Civil Aviation, Home, Textiles, Pharmaceuticals, Commerce, Panchayati Raj. Other central and state officials are also part of the review process. The situation is monitored by the PMO on regular basis, Vardhan said. Vardhan said the Indian government is in touch with the Japan government regarding the two Indian crew infected with coronavirus on board a cruise ship off the Japanese coast. ""They have been hospitalised,"" Vardhan said. The ship's quarantine period will get over on February 19, he said, adding the Ministry of External Affairs is keeping a close watch on it. Passengers arriving from Thailand and Singapore, besides China and Hong Kong, are being screened for possible exposure to the respiratory virus at 21 identified airports. The health ministry has asked people to refrain from travelling to China in view of the coronavirus outbreak and said travellers on return could be quarantined. In an updated travel advisory, the health ministry said that the existing visas, including e-visas already issued, are no longer valid for any foreign national travelling from China. He also informed that surveillance at Points of Entry (PoE) is continuing at 21 airports, 12 major ports, 65 minor ports and at six land crossings. Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme (IDSP) is carrying out community based surveillance of passengers travelling from China, Singapore, Thailand, South Korea and Japan. The ICMR is providing the laboratory support with NIV Pune as the nodal laboratory and 14 other network laboratories. This can be expanded to include 50 laboratories, if the situation so demands. So far 1,071 samples have been tested, out of which 1,068 were found negative and only three have already tested positive in Kerala, the minister said as he elaborated on how the ministry had traced their contact history. He also stated that the Rapid Response Teams have been trained in all states for managing emergencies due to high risk pathogens. There is outreach to every village in the districts adjoining Nepal border through Gram Sabhas. The death toll from the coronavirus outbreak rose to 1,310 China on Thursday while the number of those affected by the deadly virus has spiralled to 48,206."|Vardhan, China, coronavirus, tested, minister, travelling, samples, India, ministry, discharged, health, Thursday, surveillance, quarantine, support, outbreak, medical, positive, Kerala, Union|Vardhan,health,quarantine,Kerala,outbreak|defence,wuhan,thailand,delhi,raj,disease,rapid,sabhas,narendra,affairs,nepal,ministries,health,icmr,aviation,vardhan,army,kerala,pharmaceuticals,19,india,singapore,modi,entry,pune,mandaviya,japan,covid,pmo,japanese,maldivians,programme,union,external,s,kong,maldives,group,border,teams,indo,civil,panchayati,of,gram,ministry,ministers,south,korea,points,indian,hong,bhutan,harsh,gom,home,commerce,integrated,police,indians,china,textiles,afghanistan,surveillance,response,tibetan,niv,mansukh|1581618300
5e3e9a8a76c6e08a821bd095|"The first death outside China The front page of the ""Figaro"" and ""Le Monde"" today are on the front page of the web site, focusing on the outbreak of the outbreak in Wuhan, China. The number of deaths is increasing every day. Chinese official news has increased 45 cases only on Sunday February 2nd. The total number of deaths has exceeded 300, and the first case of a new coronavirus death outside China is the first time, that is, second new coronavirus infected lungs were diagnosed in Philippines. After the infection, one of the 44 year old patients died in Manila hospital. Local doctors pointed out that the dead person was from Wuhan, and there is no case of human to human transmission in the Philippines. The world daily pointed out that the epidemic in Wuhan continues to spread in China, with more than 14300 people infected in China alone. It also listed the number of people infected in other countries in the world. China is becoming more and more isolated With the outbreak of the epidemic in Wuhan, China, Russia, Vietnam and other neighboring countries have closed their borders with China. Russia has re asked Chinese to apply for visas and not issue any work visas to China. From 22 o'clock on Sunday, the U.S. has banned any foreigners who have visited China, which is to restrict the entry of foreign citizens who have visited China within 14 days. Previously, the U.S. issued a 4-level travel warning not to go to China, and the State Department has asked all unnecessary U.S. government staff to postpone their trip to China. Similarly, Australia this weekend issued the same ban on non citizens from China. In addition, countries such as Italy, Singapore and Mongolia have adopted similar restrictions on entry. France, Germany and the United States sent special planes to evacuate overseas Chinese from Wuhan. The second batch of French returnees from China arrived at the holiday isolation village near Marseille in southern France on Sunday for 14 days of isolation. Panic atmosphere spreads in the epidemic area of Wuhan The world news reported that the panic atmosphere is spreading in Wuhan, and local hospitals are unable to cope with many medical patients. With the spread of the virus, everyone in Wuhan, which is sealed in the city, is panic stricken. Rumours abound, and because the people do not trust the government and worry about their own safety, they do not dare to go out. Like the residents of other cities in China, the noisy streets of the past are now sparrow. Vaccines are needed. French Pasteur research recently announced that it has cracked the secret of the genetic code of the new coronavirus. Scientists from France, a world renowned research institute, have stepped up their work and conducted experiments. They hope to find a vaccine as soon as 20 months 。 Against discrimination against Asians With the spread of the epidemic in Wuhan, China, some Chinese in France feel discriminated against. In social media in France, the action of ""CJE ne suis PAS UN virus"" (I'm not a virus) initiated by Chinese called on everyone to understand the epidemic situation, how to correctly defend the epidemic, and stop mutual attacks."|China, Wuhan, epidemic, Chinese, France, world, outbreak, number, Sunday, coronavirus, infected, spread, people, countries, virus, death, front, page, deaths, case|death,virus,infected,spread,countries|philippines,wuhan,state,department,vietnam,australia,france,singapore,germany,united,italy,figaro,marseille,manila,u,s,russia,monde,mongolia,pasteur,chinese,french,china,states,asians,le|1580641440
5e3fa9ac7789d687c1b758b2|"Vladivostok, January 29. /tass/ In Vladivostok, the investor company that bought two unfinished hotels started construction. "") At present, Colorado 2019 - ncov pneumonia has not returned to normal. Yuri Trutnev, the president's plenipotentiary in the Far East federal region, announced this during a visit to one of the two locations. Russian auction house) on April 15, 2019, the hotels on the ship coast of Vladivostok and the corner of Bernie were sold for 1.6 billion rubles and 2.1 billion rubles respectively. Although the costal border area has budgeted more than 14 billion rubles for construction. The two lotus buyers are a park hotel. Their tourism and Trutnev sales have been under personal control for several years. Investors told Pollet on Wednesday that the company was waiting for 500 workers from China to complete construction quotas. ""I don't think you're going to get those quotas until we get to the bottom of it,"" Trutnev said About According to the representative of the investment company, there are currently 50 construction workers on the construction site, but to complete the construction as planned by September this year, the construction needs to be organized in February. About 500 Chinese workers work on the site. This requires the authorities to set quotas to attract foreign workers. Chinese authorities have recorded the outbreak of Colorado 2019 ncov pneumonia in Wuhan by the end of December 2019. According to Wednesday morning's data, the number of patients is close to 6000. The death toll exceeded 130. In addition to China, new viruses have been found in 14 countries. The World Health Organization (who)) acknowledged the emergence of a national emergency in the people's Republic of China and sent experts."|construction, 2019, workers, Vladivostok, company, Trutnev, billion, rubles, China, quotas, hotels, Colorado, ncov, pneumonia, 14, Wednesday, 500, complete, site, Chinese|Chinese,ncov,pneumonia,construction,site|east,republic,world,wuhan,yuri,colorado,chinese,far,organization,russian,china,pollet,health,vladivostok,of,trutnev,bernie|1580289505
5e3fbf475e40789c25090a7d|"January 26, Minsk / Korr Bleaching powder Colonavirus 2019 ncov was detected in a sample of seafood market in Wuhan), so the administrative center of Hubei Province is likely to start spreading the virus. Xinhua News Agency reported. 33 out of 585 samples from the seafood market of Huangan island ""found the nucleic acid of coronavirus and isolated the virus from the samples. This shows that the virus originated from wild animals sold in the market of Huang'an city. "" At the same time, Ma Xiaowei, chairman of the National Health Commission, said at a press conference in Beijing, The ability of dangerous coronaviruses to pass from person to person has increased. Experts believe that the epidemic has entered a more serious and complex stage. It is difficult to predict the risk of viral mutations. Ma added that the incubation period of the virus is between 1 and 14 days, but the infected person can even transmit the virus to other people within the incubation period. During the period 2002-2003, this did not occur during the epidemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). This means that the person who spreads the disease may be asymptomatic, in which case it is more difficult to control the spread of the disease. About Citing Chinese President Xi Jinping, the Interfax news agency pointed out that the Chinese government is facing a severe situation due to the just accelerated communication speed of Russia, And called on the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China to actively participate in solving this problem. The 2019 - ncov pneumonia caused by corona broke out in Wuhan, a big city of China, at the end of December last year. According to Tass news agency, 2027 cases have been confirmed and 57 people have died in China. 2700 suspected of infection. Cases have been reported in almost all regions of China, including Beijing and Shanghai. Arab corona has also been found in Australia, France, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Thailand, the United States and Vietnam. The World Health Organization has acknowledged that there is a national emergency in China, but so far no international emergency has been declared."|virus, China, person, market, period, 2019, ncov, seafood, Wuhan, reported, samples, found, city, Ma, Health, Beijing, epidemic, difficult, incubation, people|virus,ncov,found,seafood,difficult|commission,huangan,thailand,wuhan,ma,jinping,nepal,malaysia,health,vietnam,australia,beijing,france,an,republic,singapore,united,huang,world,tass,party,hubei,japan,minsk,communist,agency,xinhua,colonavirus,xiaowei,russia,the,arab,of,korea,central,interfax,chinese,news,committee,organization,china,states,xi,national,shanghai,province|1580047620
5e41247a6e5e64d927600418|"ZURICH - Swatch Group <UHR.S> has canceled a retailer event in Zurich at the end of the month because of the coronavirus outbreak, the Swiss watchmaker said on Monday. ""Considering the uncertainty related to the 2019-nCoV coronavirus outbreak and in order to guarantee the welfare of our guests, partners and colleagues, the Swatch Group Prestige Brands have decided not to hold the Time to Move event,"" a spokesman said via email, confirming a report by newspaper Le Temps. The event had been planned for Feb. 28 to March 2 for retailers, with the press event over March 4-6. REUTERS"|event, Swatch, Group, coronavirus, outbreak, March, ZURICH, UHR, canceled, retailer, Zurich, end, month, Swiss, watchmaker, Monday, uncertainty, related, 2019, nCoV|Group,uncertainty,end,March,event|to,group,swiss,uhr,zurich,brands,temps,prestige,swatch,le,reuters,move,s,time|1580747403
5e3fbee88b626a2f83fcac87|A Russian from China is suspected of being hospitalized in Colorado. I. м. I, attending physician of St. Petersburg infection hospital Botna Alexei Yakovlev. He did not disclose the identity of the inpatient or elaborate on his symptoms and health. Fondanca reported that a sick man from the airport, Pulkovo, was taken away by a doctor wearing chemical protective clothing. According to the magazine, he spent his holiday in China and was taken to hospital in the heat. At the end of December, pneumonia broke out in Wuhan, China, caused by an unknown coronavirus. The virus has been widely spread in Southeast Asian countries. According to the latest information, more than 440 people have been infected with the virus, 17 of whom have died.|China, hospital, virus, Russian, suspected, hospitalized, Colorado, attending, physician, St, Petersburg, infection, Botna, Alexei, Yakovlev, disclose, identity, inpatient, elaborate, symptoms|virus,Russian,suspected,inpatient,physician|alexei,yakovlev,fondanca,colorado,wuhan,petersburg,china,russian,southeast,st,pulkovo,botna,asian|1579707000
5e3fa6f57789d687c1b75787|"Tass, February 4. Due to the Colorado outbreak, the Chinese men's and women's teams will not participate in the 2020 world Hockey Championships. According to the Russian Hockey Federation news service. The Chinese men's team performed in the second division of the world cup, which will be held in Irkutsk from March 1 to 6. At the women's competition, the Chinese team performed in the elite division, and the competition will be held in Oslo from March 19 to 22. Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia caused by the virus in Wuhan at the end of December 2019. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. The World Health Organization recognizes the outbreak of an international emergency. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 19700. Of these, 425 were killed. Outside China, another death occurred in the Philippines. Due to the spread of the virus, the Chinese government suspended all sports competitions nationwide until April About These include the Olympic boxing trials from February 3 to 14 and the Olympic women's football trials from February 3 to 9. World Boxing Council (WBC) and World Boxing Organization (wbo) world champion level combat, up to 63, On February 2, family match between Jose Ramirez, a US citizen, and Victor bostall, a Ukrainian citizen Hockey League). The initial deadline is March 13th -15, postponed to the Grand Prix phase under the ""E formula"" on March 21st. From February 21 to 27, the youth ice hockey world championship was held in the second division. The Japanese Olympic Committee delegation cancelled its visit to Beijing to prepare for the 2022 Olympic Games. Due to the spread of the virus, Chinese athletes are preparing for trials and isolating the Olympic Games."|Chinese, February, Olympic, world, March, Due, outbreak, women, Hockey, division, held, virus, China, World, trials, men, team, performed, competition, 2019|virus,competition,Due,performed,March|philippines,wuhan,russian,health,olympic,ramirez,prix,beijing,boxing,world,us,victor,championships,japanese,council,bostall,russia,e,games,colorado,jose,grand,federation,committee,chinese,organization,ukrainian,china,irkutsk,hockey,league,2020,oslo|1580815473
5e3fab917789d687c1b75966|"Tassis files. As of January 24, 2020, the number of confirmed pneumonia cases caused by 2019 ncov new coronavirus in China has reached 900. Cases of infection have also been reported in Japan, Thailand, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, the United States and Viet Nam. For information on the most dangerous infectious diseases, tasis provides. Plague Plague ( Rodents (Yersinia pestics) and fleas living in them have been found in small animals since 1894. It is transmitted to people through the bite of contaminated fleas, direct contact with infected materials or through air drops. The incubation period is 3-7 days, and then develops into typical symptoms of influenza: sudden rise in body temperature, chills, headaches, body aches, weakness, nausea, vomiting. There are three forms of plague. In bubonna, the most common form of plague, the bacterium is the lymphatic system. As a result, the lymph nodes become hard and have nodules on the body. In the later stages of the disease, inflammatory lymph nodes become festering wounds. In the case of sepsis, the infection passes through cracks in the skin and immediately enters the bloodstream. About The lungs - the most severe and the least common plague - are accompanied by damage to respiratory organs. Without treatment, the disease can lead to serious complications and death)（ In the fight against plague, the effective treatment of antibiotics and maintenance therapy. If not treated, the disease can lead to death in the short term. The early signs of diseases with similar symptoms are Roman times. However, it is believed that it also spread early in modern Libya, Syria and Egypt. In the past, the plague caused a large epidemic. The fourteenth chapter According to some reports, a plague known as ""Black Death"" claimed 50 million lives. According to the World Health Organization (who), 3000 people were registered between 2010 and 2015. 248 cases of different forms of plague, 584 people died of disease. smallpox Smallpox is caused by smallpox virus) Variola. It is spread by air, as well as by contact with objects of infected persons. 2. Incubation period - 7 to 17 days. The disease begins with a sharp rise in temperature, headache, and often nausea and vomiting. 2-3 days later, the temperature drops, and the skin and mucus show nodules - blister rash, leaving scars) [semen] About In 30% of cases, death is fatal, a rare form)（ Until recently, it was thought that smallpox appeared in Africa or Asia in 4000 BC. Um... Today, however, scientists believe that the human virus is close to the camel pox virus and spread in the Middle East at the beginning of our time. For the first time, smallpox spread to the fourth B and the sixth B in China. I hit Korea. The eighth chapter Diseases were introduced into Europe in the late 17th and 18th centuries. The epidemic affects almost all of Europe's population, with more than 1.5 million people dying each year; in Russia, it has the highest incidence, at 18.8 per cent. At the beginning of the 16th century For the first time, smallpox was mentioned in the United States, where Spanish conquistadors might bring it. At the end of the eighteenth session Smallpox was shipped to Australia. The WHO global vaccination programme has been successful in combating the disease since the second half of the 1960s. A recent case of smallpox was found in Somalia on 26 October 1997. The fight against the disease was officially announced in 1980. Only two laboratories - the Russian National Science Center - have the right to preserve the virus and conduct research. Virus and biotechnology vectors（ Novosibirsk The main objective of the centre is to promote and protect the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities. A month ago Georgia state cholera Cholera is an acute intestinal infection caused by Vibrio cholerae, which is characterized by gastrointestinal damage, Destruction of water salt exchange and dehydration. Transmission through contaminated water and food is closely related to poor sanitation and lack of clean drinking water. From ancient times to the middle of the 20th century, cholera was widely known. It remains one of the most dangerous epidemics. (thousands of US dollars) Cholera has spread from the pristine reservoirs of the Ganghe Delta in India to all over the world. Six successive pandemics have claimed the lives of millions of people around the world. The seventh outbreak began in South Asia in 1961, spread to Africa in 1971 and to the Americas in 1991. At present, there are some cases and outbreaks in developing countries and poor countries, especially in large-scale natural disasters. For example, in the wake of the devastating earthquake in Haiti in January 2010, the cholera outbreak killed more than 7500 people. Cholera moved from Haiti to the Dominican Republic, Mexico, Spain, the United States and Venezuela in January 2011, and to Cuba in 2012. According to the World Health Organization, between 3 and 5 million cholera cases occur every year, of which more than 100000 people die. - death. About To prevent the disease, two vaccines were used. They provide more than 50 per cent of sustainable protection in two years. swine flu ""Swine flu"") In Mexico and the United States, it's the name of a human viral infection that first spread in pig homes. The virus is transmitted through the home and air drip and causes typical symptoms of influenza and respiratory infections - cough, headache, fever, vomiting, diarrhea, cold. The most dangerous complication is pneumonia. "" Swine flu ""is the most common type A influenza, and combines the most common subtypes H1N1), H1N2, H3N1, H3N2 and h2n3. The most reliable way to avoid swine flu infection is seasonal vaccination. Between 1957 and 1958, the H2N2 virus triggered the pandemic, when 20 to 50 per cent of the world's population was affected and 1 to 4 million people died, most of them children. Another pathogen, the H3N2 virus, caused an epidemic in 1968-1969, with the first cases found in Hong Kong. Global diseases have claimed 4 million lives. During 2009-2010, the H1N1 outbreak rate was very high. According to the World Health Organization, at that time, the pandemic affected 30 per cent of the population in 214 countries, killing more than 18000 people. Human beings. ""Swine flu"" is considered to be a kind of ""swine flu"". O About Spain is an epidemic from 1918 to 1919, spreading from Spain to all over the world. At that time, more than 500 million people were ill and 20 to 50 million died. This is the largest epidemic in human history. Ebola Diseases caused by Ebola virus) affect people and some animals. The virus was first found in Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of Congo) in 1976, in a village along the Ebola River, so it is called. It is believed that the virus was initially carried by bats. It is transmitted from wild animals to humans through mucosal or skin damage. The symptoms were fever, jaundice, hemorrhage and renal failure. The incubation period varies from 2 to 21 days. During the outbreak, the death rate reached 90%. The experts are divided into five viruses: bundibudjio（ Fever broke out in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 1976, 1995 and 2007, in the Sudan in 1976, in Uganda in 2000 and in the Republic of the Congo in 2003. In 2013-2016, outbreaks in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia resulted in the highest number of deaths. About Cases have also been reported in Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, Spain, the United Kingdom, Italy and the United States. According to the World Health Organization, about 30000 people have been infected since the beginning of the epidemic. The world population is about 130 million, with 11300 deaths. Human beings. During 2018-2019, there were 34000 intermittent outbreaks in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 2000 Dead AIDS Acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) is a disease that develops when people are infected with human immunodeficiency virus. The virus affects the immune system and weakens the protection of the body from infection and disease. HIV can be transmitted through sexual contact, blood transfusion, the use of infected needles or sharp tools, and from mothers during pregnancy and childbirth. And breastfeeding. Aids can develop within two to 15 years of infection. There is no cure for HIV infection. However, antiretroviral therapy can control, prevent the spread of the virus and reduce its damage to the human body. Some scholars believe that HIV was transmitted from monkeys to humans as early as the 1920s. The first victim of the disease is said to be a man who died in Congo in 1959. Symptoms of HIV infection were first reported in the United States in June 1981. About In 1983, researchers in the United States and France described a virus that could cause HIV / AIDS. According to the joint United Nations Programme on HIV / AIDS (UNAIDS), in 2018, there were about 37.9 million people living with HIV worldwide, 1.7 million of whom were children under the age of 15. The most disadvantaged areas are eastern and southern Africa, where there are about 20.6 million infected people. The number of new HIV infections decreased by 40 per cent from its peak in 1997, from 2.9 million to 1.7 million. In Russia, from the discovery of the first AIDS case in 1987 to 30 June 2019, 1.38 million Russian citizens were registered with HIV, of whom 335000 died. 867 people. coronavirus Coronavirus is a kind of virus, belonging to the coronaviridae subsystem of the coronaviridae family. These diseases were first discovered in the 1960s and are the cause of gastrointestinal and respiratory infections in humans and animals. There are 39 coronaviruses, including severe acute respiratory syndrome and Middle East respiratory syndrome. Severe acute respiratory syndrome, also known as SARS, is an acute infectious respiratory disease, It is characterized by rapid development and a mortality rate of about 10%. About The incubation period between infection and symptoms is usually 10 days. The disease starts at temperatures above 38 degrees Celsius), fever, chills, headaches and muscle aches. After 3-7 days, the stage of respiratory deterioration began. The disease is spread through air droplets and contact lifestyle. In November 2002, acute respiratory infection broke out for the first time in Guangdong Province, southern China. Since then, many cases have been reported in China, New Zealand, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam. In addition to Asian countries, SARS has also been registered in North America and Europe. Only one case is recorded in Russia)（ According to who data, the total number of cases in 37 countries worldwide reached 8000 in the period 2002-2003. 437 people died, more than 800 of them. The Middle East respiratory syndrome was discovered in Saudi Arabia in 2012 and spread to other countries in the Middle East. In a version of the World Health Organization, camels are carriers of the virus. The manifestations of BVS are similar to that of common influenza: hyperthermia, cough, dyspnea, general discomfort, diarrhea. Incubation period 7 to 14 days About According to statistics, it is rarely transmitted to children. Children under 14 account for 3% of all cases The mortality rate is 35-40%. More than 20 countries, including the United Kingdom, Germany, China and the United States, reported cases during 2012-2015. Since September 2012, more than 1.3 million people worldwide have died of malaria, according to who. Laboratory confirmed cases of infection, including more than 460 deaths. Patients with successful coronavirus infection were treated with plasma."|people, virus, million, disease, infection, cases, United, respiratory, spread, HIV, States, days, plague, died, countries, caused, Republic, transmitted, infected, period|virus,infected,transmitted,days,disease|thailand,nations,uganda,russian,health,black,singapore,germany,egypt,us,italy,sudan,programme,sierra,h1n1,of,haiti,asian,congo,organization,arabia,americas,saudi,mexico,guangdong,novosibirsk,north,zaire,vietnam,republic,viet,death,middle,s,kong,russia,roman,libya,dominican,ebola,korea,h2n2,venezuela,china,states,guinea,smallpox,philippines,vibrio,world,india,united,senegal,somalia,liberia,science,new,aids,river,nam,spanish,province,democratic,africa,delta,america,georgia,hiv,ganghe,cuba,sars,australia,spain,kingdom,france,japan,indonesia,east,leone,nigeria,the,mali,tassis,h3n2,syria,south,hong,center,asia,national,zealand,europe|1579898810
5e4155d1cae8370994363d90|"Commander Antonios Efthymiou of Hi Fly company said this Thursday that everything is prepared to begin the mission of repatriation of European citizens from Wuhan, the Chinese city where the coronavirus arose, noting that all precautions have been taken. ""Everything is ready for the mission. We are ready to go and bring people, including Portuguese people,"" said the Portuguese airline commander Hi Fly to journalists at Beja airport. Antonios Efthymiou explained that the flight leaves this Thursday for Paris, France, and on Friday he travels to Hanoi, Vietnam, and then on to China. ""After that, the plane either comes back here or does another mission, depends,"" he said. Hi Fly's commander has indicated that 350 people, including Portuguese citizens, should be repatriated. European source told Lusa on Wednesday that 17 Portuguese citizens in China-- almost everyone in Wuhan, Hubei province, has already asked to leave the country. Questioned as to whether the crew had any specific training because of the virus, the commander clarified that they have been in contact with the company's medical department and have had special preparation at the company's premises in Lisbon. ""All precautions have been imposed by Asian aviation authorities. (...) We're ready to go. It's a humanitarian mission and we're proud to bring people back. It could be our family,""he stressed. When asked if he is afraid to do the mission, Antonios Efthymiou denied it and said ""be glad to make this flight and bring people."" The plane departs from Beja airport at ten o'clock on its way to France, where about three dozen operatives will enter-- between doctors, authorities and health technicians-- then to Vietnam Yeah. Lusa contacted the Ministries of Foreign Affairs and National Defence, the Portuguese Air Force, ANA Portuguese Airports and Hi Fly Airline, but was unable to confirm information about any chartered flights. China raised to 170 dead and more than 7.700 infected the balance of victims of the new coronavirus detected at the end of the year in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province (centre)."|Portuguese, mission, people, Fly, Antonios, Efthymiou, company, citizens, Wuhan, ready, bring, commander, China, --, Thursday, European, coronavirus, precautions, including, Beja|citizens,bring,commander,Fly,people|defence,wuhan,portuguese,affairs,antonios,ministries,force,vietnam,france,beja,hubei,and,lisbon,ana,lusa,s,hanoi,efthymiou,hi,paris,of,european,fly,airline,asian,airports,chinese,foreign,china,national,air,province|1580377140
5e40f6f78b3ade896662c6e1|SINGAPORE (Reuters) - PetroChina, China’s second-biggest state refiner, plans to reduce its crude throughput by 320,000 barrels per day (bpd) this month versus its original plan as the Wuhan virus hits fuel demand, a company official told Reuters on Monday. PetroChina’s planned February cut is equivalent to about 10% of the refiner’s average production rate of around 3.32 million bpd. This would bring total production scalebacks by state refiners, include Sinopec Corp and China National Offshore Oil Company, to around 940,000 bpd for this month. The cuts from PetroChina are likely to be deepened to 377,000 bpd in March, said the senior company official with direct knowledge of the matter. He declined to be named as he’s not authorized to speak to the press. Reuters reported last week that Sinopec Corp, Asia’s largest refiner, is cutting its throughput this month by 600,000 bpd, or 12% of its average crude runs, its deepest reduction in over a decade. Independent Chinese refiners in Shandong, meanwhile, have slashed output to below half their capacity. “The production cuts are mostly on refineries in northeast and north China, where demand is hit harder than in the western parts of the country,” said the PetroChina official. PetroChina started the production cuts at the beginning of the month, but deepened them on Monday, the official said. PetroChina did not immediately respond to a request for comment. PetroChina is talking with its key long-term suppliers such as Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates about possibly deferring cargo loadings or trimming loading volumes, the official said, without giving further details. “We’re monitoring the market on a daily basis. But from what we’ve observed now, there seems little chance for a fuel demand recovery in March,” the official said.|PetroChina, official, bpd, 000, month, production, Reuters, China, refiner, demand, cuts, state, crude, throughput, fuel, company, Monday, average, refiners, Sinopec|Sinopec,PetroChina,crude,production,month|march,wuhan,singapore,united,company,reuters,kuwait,s,shandong,arab,oil,emirates,offshore,petrochina,chinese,corp,china,asia,national,arabia,sinopec,saudi|1581354780
5e46a842135e9a4f6db2d6ce|LONDON (Reuters) - Stock markets across the world ticked higher on Friday, as investors bet that the damage to the global economy from     China’s coronavirus outbreak would not be long-lasting. Europe’s broad Euro STOXX 600  hit a record high, gaining 0.1% to mirror gains in Asia after a choppy start to the day. Indexes in London .FTSE and Frankfurt .GDAXI gained 0.1% and 0.2% respectively, with the former moving higher after AstraZeneca (AZN.L) shares turned positive. The drugmaker had earlier fallen 5% after it said it would take a hit from the coronavirus outbreak. It was a similar picture in Paris .FCHI, which clawed back some early losses as Renault (RENA.PA) shares turned positive. It was last down 0.1%. Renault had dropped over 4% on its first loss in 10 years as the car company set a lower operating margin goal for 2020, a crunch year for its planned reboot alongside partner Nissan after a scandal surrounding former boss Carlos Ghosn. Wall Street futures EScv1 pointed to a slightly higher open. Chinese health authorities reported more than 5,000 new cases of the disease, with the National Health Commission saying  it had recorded 121 new deaths on the mainland on Feb. 13, taking the accumulated total infected to 63,851 people. Investors said they thought the economic impact of the outbreak would not be as deep as feared, with some also finding succour in a spread beyond China that is not as rapid as feared. Others have latched on to the possibility of further central bank stimulus measures in response to any slowdown. China’s central bank, for example, has already pumped liquidity into its economy. “Our base case is that the virus can be largely controlled by end-March,” Mark Haefele, chief investment officer at UBS Global Wealth Management, wrote to clients. “The negative impact on the economy will be mostly confined to 1Q,” he wrote, predicting that growth would rebound from March on the release of suppressed demand and monetary and fiscal policy support. MSCI world equity index .MIWD00000PUS, which tracks shares in 49 countries, was flat. Earlier, Asian shares had earlier risen towards their second straight week of gains, helped by hopes governments will make provisions to soften the impact on their economies from the coronavirus epidemic. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS rose 0.1% for a weekly gain of almost 2%. China's blue-chip CSI300 shares .CSI300, meanwhile, rose 0.7%, having staged a stunning recovery to claw back 95% of their losses made after the outbreak. “China is already easing its monetary policy and providing more liquidity while more stimulus is likely,” said Yukino Yamada, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities. In its weekly number crunch of markets, analysts at BofA said there had been a record $23.6 billion pumped into bond funds over the last week and big inflows into almost everything else as well. They also spotted that an interest rate cut in Mexico on Thursday had chalked up the 800th cut by global central banks since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008. That works out roughly one every five days on average. Still, some did say they were dialling down bets on equities amid lingering uncertainty on how the crisis would unfold. “We have actually taken some money out of equities this week,” said Rory McPherson, head of investment strategy at Psigma Investment Management. “Markets have been overly focused on the good, and not giving a balanced view on whether the stimulus from China isn’t effective.” In currency markets, traders had other matters than the cornoavirus on their minds. The euro EUR=EBS slumped to another near-three-year low, with worries lingering about slowing growth in the euro zone and rising political uncertainties in Germany. Euro zone growth slowed as expected in the last quarter of 2019 as French and Italian GDP shrank but employment growth picked up more than expected, official estimates showed. The euro did not waver on the numbers, having earlier fallen to as low as $1.0827. The single currency last stood flat at $1.08390. It has lost 1% so far this week and is on track for its worst two-weekly performance since mid-2018. Others market players noted growing demand for the U.S. dollar. “Investors will surely avoid Asia for the time being and will shift funds to the U.S., geographically the most separated from the region,” said Norihiro Fujito, chief investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities. Against a basket of currencies, the dollar .DXY hit a four-month high and was last at 99.115. It has risen 1.8% so far this month. The U.S. currency has been trampling everything in its path, including emerging market currencies. Brazil's real BRL= has hit a record low forcing its central bank to intervene to prop it up, while Turkey's lira TRY= has crumpled to a near nine-month low. Oil edged higher and was on track for its first weekly gain in six weeks, backed by expectations that producers will implement deeper output cuts to offset slowing demand in China caused by the coronavirus epidemic. Brent crude futures LCOc1 were up 85 cents at $57.19 a barrel. For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets, please click on: [LIVE/]|China, shares, markets, higher, coronavirus, outbreak, hit, 0.1%, central, growth, weekly, low, economy, record, Asia, earlier, impact, bank, stimulus, investment|low,impact,central,weekly,markets|commission,rory,carlos,mexico,ufj,yukino,wall,l,investment,stanley,frankfurt,health,try,renault,live,nissan,germany,msci,fujito,ghosn,rena,japan,brothers,brent,reuters,stoxx,street,euro,pa,s,indexes,mark,lehman,psigma,azn,u,mitsubishi,italian,norihiro,turkey,uk,paris,management,london,wealth,haefele,global,european,yamada,bofa,asian,astrazeneca,mcpherson,chinese,french,china,asia,securities,daiwa,brazil,pacific,national,brl,investors,europe,morgan,markets,ubs|1581686100
5e40ceadc0fe4e1400def4a3|"The Chinese Government has effectively sealed off the millions of metropolises in Wuhan, which are particularly affected by the new lung disease. As the Chinese state television reported, flights, trains, ferries and long-distance buses should be stopped starting Thursday morning. Residents of Wuhans are therefore only allowed to leave the Central Chinese city for special reasons. Around eleven million people live in the city where the novel Coronavirus had probably broken out in an animal market. In addition, people were asked to go public only with protective masks. Those who do not wear masks in hotels, restaurants, shopping centers or parks will be punished, the newspaper China Daily reported. Wuhan is particularly affected by the disease. However, the virus has now spread to a large part of China and also beyond national borders. The disease had already been detected in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and the USA. As more and more people with flu symptoms are being tested for the new virus, the number of confirmed cases continues to increase. By Thursday, the virus was detected in 571 people, as reported by the Chinese health authority. Below are therefore 95 serious cases, all of which lie in the province of Hubei with the particularly badly affected metropolis of Wuhan. The World Health Organisation (WHO), despite the rapid increase in proven infections with the new virus, did not, for the time being, declare a ""health emergency of international importance"". The emergency committee, which advises the WHO, saw no reason for this on Wednesday, but wanted to meet again on Thursday. The Emergency Committee recommended further improving the exchange of information between States, as Chairman Didier Houssin said. However, the members of the Emergency Committee did not agree on the assessment of the situation. Yeah. An official'emergency'would have been accompanied by further concrete recommendations to States in order to contain the spread across borders as far as possible. Such recommendations may include, for example, examining travellers for disease symptoms and improving the protection of medical staff. There was no evidence in Europe until Wednesday. According to the Federal Government, people in Germany have a ""very low"" health risk. There is no reason to be alarmed now, said a spokesman for Health Minister Jens Spahn (CDU). The EU Prevention Authority ECDC spoke of a moderate risk of the organism being introduced into the European Union. It was still unclear how serious and fatal the disease was, said ECDC Director Andrea Ammon. It is believed that the source of the Coronavirus was a wild animal in a fish market in Wuhan. According to expert opinion, it was first transferred from animal to human before the virus adapted to its new host and there was transmission between humans. With the wave of travel to the Chinese New Year's Eve next Saturday, the risk of viral disease spreading is growing. At the largest annual wave of travel in the country, several hundred million Chinese are on the move. The new virus belongs to the same species as the one that triggered the Sars pandemic. At that time, about 800-people were killed by it. The new virus is supposed to be a more harmless variant as it stands. Sars viruses are one of the Coronaviruses that often cause harmless diseases such as colds. However, it also includes agents of dangerous respiratory diseases such as Mers. A pandemic is a cross-country and continental spread of an infectious disease. (dpa)"|disease, virus, Chinese, people, Wuhan, affected, reported, Thursday, animal, spread, health, emergency, risk, Government, city, million, Coronavirus, market, masks, China|health,virus,risk,Government,disease|taiwan,thailand,wuhan,health,ammon,eve,coronaviruses,sars,eu,world,germany,coronavirus,emergency,hubei,didier,japan,prevention,federal,usa,jens,year,union,who,government,s,ecdc,andrea,wuhans,european,south,new,korea,central,committee,chinese,spahn,china,organisation,daily,states,houssin,authority,europe|1579734000
5e415563cae8370994363ce5|"The World Health Organisation (WHO) wants to freeze the false information about the new coronavirus outbreak and is working with Google to try to ensure that factual and reliable information is highlighted. At the opening of the 146th session of the WHO Executive Board, the Director General, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus assured me that he will ""fight the spread of rumours and misinformation"" in relation to the coronavirus outbreak that has arisen in China causing viral pneumonias. ""We worked with Google to ensure that people looking for information about coronavirus see WHO information in their research results,"" he said. The head of WHO also indicated that social platforms and networks such as Twitter, Facebook and Tiktok also took steps to ""limit the dissemination of disinformation"". In its daily newsletter on the new coronavirus epidemic, which has already been declared an international public health emergency, the WHO indicated on Sunday that the outbreak is being surrounded by false or inaccurate information. WHO teams are working ""24 hours a day to identify more common rumours about the new coronavirus"", such as posting false Internet advice associated with substances, treatments or drugs that should be taken. On your Facebook page, for example, the WHO has published daily facts and demystications about the coronavirus. On Friday, for example, it warned that the currently existing pneumonia vaccines do not protect against the new coronavirus found in China and that the new virus still needs its own vaccine, which does not yet exist. WHO has also warned against the lack of specific drugs to combat disease Yeah. China has today elevated to 362 dead and more than 17 thousand infected the balance of the pneumonia outbreak caused by coronavirus 2019-nCoV detected last December in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province (center), placed under quarantine. In Portugal, the preliminary analyses carried out on the 20 returnees, who arrived in Lisbon on Sunday, had negative results. The 18th Portuguese and two Brazilians will remain in prophylactic isolation for four days in dedicated facilities for this purpose at Pulido Valente Hospital (Hospital Hospital Hospital in Lisbon Norte) and Lisbon Health Park."|coronavirus, information, outbreak, Hospital, false, China, Lisbon, Health, working, Google, ensure, rumours, results, Facebook, daily, Sunday, drugs, warned, pneumonia, World|Google,false,pneumonia,ensure,information|internet,wuhan,ghebreyesus,brazilians,portuguese,google,adhanom,valente,health,portugal,tiktok,norte,twitter,world,hubei,lisbon,executive,pulido,who,hospital,board,organisation,china,park,tedros,province,facebook|1580740740
5e46a82a135e9a4f6db2d6b1|TOKYO (Reuters) - The World Health Organization has told the International Olympic Committee there is no case for cancelling or relocating the Tokyo 2020 Olympics over the coronavirus outbreak, the head of the IOC’s Coordination Commission said on Friday. WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib declined to comment, telling reporters to wait for the daily briefing in Geneva on Friday by its top emergencies expert Dr. Mike Ryan, scheduled for 1500 GMT. Ryan told reporters on Wednesday: “There is no zero risk with any mass gathering”. WHO cannot be an “arbiter”, he said, adding that most events can be held if proper risk management measures are applied by organisers and local health officials. The 17-day event is due to start on July 24. Japan said separately on Friday it would step up testing and containment after reporting its first coronavirus death and confirming new cases, including a doctor and a taxi driver. John Coates said advice the IOC had received “externally” from the WHO was that “there is no case for any contingency plans of cancelling the Games or moving the Games.” The spreading outbreak, whose epicentre is the Chinese city of Wuhan, has prompted the cancellation of some international sporting events, as well as 2020 Games qualifying competitions for boxing and badminton that were due to take place in China. Coates said coordination between the Japan organising committee’s virus task force and other national authorities reinforced the IOC’s confidence that the situation was being properly addressed. That raised expectations that “we’ll be able to ensure that the Games go ahead in a way that’s safe for the athletes and spectators,” Coates told a news conference hosted together with Tokyo 2020 Olympics President Yoshiro Mori. Mori echoed Coates’ reassurances. Toshiro Muto, the CEO of the Tokyo 2020 organising committee, said in early February he was “seriously worried” that the virus might impact momentum towards the Games, but pledged the following day the event would go ahead as planned. There have been more than 60,000 confirmed coronavirus cases in mainland China and nearly 450 in 24 other countries and territories, including 33 in Japan and another 218 on a cruise ship quarantined at a Japanese port. Coates said he was impressed with how China had been able to monitor its athletes “since day one”, and that most had been preparing for the Games overseas and would therefore not need to be quarantined on arrival in Japan.|Games, Coates, 2020, Japan, told, Tokyo, coronavirus, IOC, Friday, day, China, case, cancelling, Olympics, outbreak, reporters, Ryan, risk, events, event|Coates,day,Japan,risk,reporters|commission,wuhan,coordination,ioc,health,olympic,muto,world,geneva,japan,japanese,international,tokyo,s,gmt,who,yoshiro,games,olympics,ryan,toshiro,chaib,fadela,committee,organization,john,wednesday,mike,chinese,china,2020,mori,coates|1581680280
5e3fa5337789d687c1b756e1|"Tass, February 8. About 1800 Passengers isolated from the Hong Kong World sleepwalker can leave the ship on Tuesday, If the 2019 ncov pneumonia caused by the virus cannot be confirmed by the crew. On Saturday, Hong Kong's southern China Morning Post newspaper quoted health authorities as saying. According to the administration responsible for monitoring port health, all employees must be tested for Colorado virus. "" Representatives said that we expect the test process to take four days. Passengers will be allowed to leave the vessel if the analysis of all crew members shows poor results. "" The plane returned to Hong Kong from Taiwan on Wednesday. From January 19 to 24, on the previous voyage from Guangzhou to Vietnam, there were three Chinese on board, who were later diagnosed with pneumonia caused by the 2019 ncov virus. There are about 1800 people on board now. Passengers (90% are Hong Kong residents) and the same number of flight attendants. Thirty staff members showed disturbing symptoms during the voyage, such as a cold and cough. About On Thursday, the Russian Consulate General reported that there were four Russian citizens on board, all of whom were crew members. There are no disturbing symptoms of their health."|Hong, Kong, Passengers, virus, crew, health, members, board, 1800, leave, 2019, ncov, pneumonia, caused, voyage, disturbing, symptoms, Russian, Tass, February|health,virus,board,crew,Kong|kong,world,taiwan,colorado,chinese,china,post,russian,guangzhou,general,morning,vietnam,southern,s,hong,consulate|1581177756
5e3fa0f7c7d7d06da7396e7c|"Yekaterinburg, Russian news agency, February 5. Russian Health Minister Mikhail murashko said on Wednesday that medical personnel will be on duty day and night in the quarantine area of koronavelos near Qiuming. On Wednesday, he visited the rehabilitation centre, which will have 144 people during isolation. ""The medical unit is fully prepared - the first aid and diagnosis room is equipped with necessary equipment and medicines, ""Trained medical staff will be on duty 24 hours a day,"" quoted the ""operation command for the prevention of coronaverus in the akiming area"". Earlier, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikov told reporters that Russia and other countries want to leave citizens in Wuhan and Hubei Province of China, Quarantine will be carried out in Qiuming area. The first Chinese plane and Russian citizens landed at the ""Qiuming"" rosino airport Wednesday. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts identified the cause of the Colorado virus About More than 2400 new infections have occurred in mainland China, 490 of them have died, and another has died in Hong Kong. More than 170 people were ill abroad, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|Russian, Wednesday, medical, area, Qiuming, China, Health, Minister, duty, day, people, citizens, Wuhan, Chinese, occurred, died, Yekaterinburg, agency, February, Mikhail|citizens,day,occurred,Russian,Qiuming|kong,tatyana,russia,world,wuhan,qiuming,colorado,hubei,chinese,organization,mikhail,russian,yekaterinburg,china,health,golikov,quarantine,murashko,hong|1580887440
5e421b00f6b16229bdd777ff|"La Liga referee Jose Maria Sanchez Martinez has not been allocated a game next weekend by the Spanish football federation following his officiating of the fixture between Real Betis and Barcelona on Sunday in which he angered both teams. The Spanish champions won 3-2 at the Benito Villamarin in a thrilling match the official seemed to lose control of, sending off Clement Lenglet and Nabil Fekir but not dismissing Sergi Roberto or awarding Lionel Messi a penalty. Fekir was sent off for two bookings in the space of a few seconds, one for a foul and the other for dissent. Lenglet followed but Betis were angry that Sergi Roberto, who had already been booked, was let off after scything down Carles Alena. ""How can that not be a second yellow for Sergi Roberto's foul on Alena?"" asked Betis coach Rubi. ""Barcelona should have been left with 10 men, there's no doubt about it."" Real Betis's vice-president Jose Miguel Lopez Catalan also criticised the officials after the game. ""We are indignant and angry because once again refereeing has hurt Betis and it has not been fair,"" he said. Barcelona had complaints too, with Messi pulled back in the area at the end but Sanchez Martinez did not point to the spot. ""In the end we could have won by more goals, if you look at the penalty they didn't give Messi,"" said Barca midfielder Frenkie de Jong. ""It was clear, they pushed him over.""  Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli has apologised for a video posted on his Snapchat account in which he appeared to mock an Asian man in relation to the coronavirus outbreak. The newly identified coronavirus outbreak in China has killed over 900 people, with more than 40,000 infected. Alli, who has been on holiday while Spurs are on their winter break, posted the video of him wearing a face mask in an airport lounge with the message, “Corona whattt, please listen with volume.” He then zooms the camera towards a man of Asian appearance before panning to a bottle of antiseptic hand wash with the video caption reading: “This virus gunna have to be quicker than that to catch me.” The post was subsequently removed and Alli later apologised on Chinese social media platform Weibo. “It wasn’t funny. I realised that immediately and took it down,” he said. “I let myself down and the club. I don’t want you guys to have that impression of me.” Reigning Olympic men’s football champions Brazil qualified for this summer’s tournament in Japan with a 3-0 win over Argentina on Sunday. Brazil had to beat their arch rivals in the Colombia qualifier in order to join them as one of South America’s two representatives at the Tokyo Games. Paulinho scored the opener after 11 minutes before Matheus Cunha added a second on the half-hour mark and a third early in the second half. Argentina had already qualified for Tokyo after winning their first two matches in the round robin qualifying tournament. Uruguay lost out despite beating hosts Colombia 3-1 earlier on Sunday. Brazil won the gold medal at the Maracana stadium in Rio de Janeiro in 2016, giving them the last major international title to have eluded them."|Betis, Barcelona, Sunday, won, Sergi, Roberto, Messi, Alli, video, Brazil, Jose, Sanchez, Martinez, game, Spanish, football, Real, champions, Lenglet, Fekir|champions,Alli,Real,won,Roberto|paulinho,snapchat,fekir,america,alli,janeiro,villamarin,olympic,jong,sergi,barca,catalan,colombia,maria,dele,de,matheus,carles,lenglet,miguel,clement,japan,uruguay,nabil,alena,tottenham,frenkie,weibo,barcelona,s,tokyo,la,maracana,jose,rio,spurs,real,rubi,south,betis,lopez,asian,messi,argentina,chinese,lionel,china,brazil,roberto,hotspur,liga,cunha,sanchez,benito,spanish,martinez|1581352500
5e4154eecae8370994363c6d|"The Minister of State, Economy and Digital Transition said this Wednesday that the economy is still not feeling the impacts of infection with the new coronavirus (2019-nCov). ""We're still not feeling impacts at the moment. When there are pandemics there is normally a reduction in travel and there may be some reduction in economic activity, but at the moment it is not feeling either globally or in our country,""he stressed in the margin of presenting the initiative""More Business Investment, New Portugal2020 warnings""in Matosinhos, Porto. The ruler assumed there were reasons for the country to be ""confident"", although worried about the development of the situation. This Wednesday the Directorate-General for Health and the National Health Institute Dr Ricardo Jorge had working meetings with regional health administrations, hospitals, the National Institute for Medical Emergency, laboratories and airport entities to ""update procedures"" in the face of the 2019-nCov outbreak. China rose this Wednesday to 490 dead and more than 24.300 infected with the balance of the pneumonia outbreak caused by a new coronavirus detected last December in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province (centre), placed under quarantine. The first person to die from the new coronavirus outside China was a Chinese citizen in the Philippines. In addition to the mainland of China and the Chinese regions of Macao and Hong Kong, there are other cases of infection confirmed in more than twenty countries. The World Health Organisation (WHO) declared on Thursday an international public health emergency, which presupposes the adoption of worldwide prevention and coordination measures. Preliminary analyses of the 20 people repatriated from Portugal, who arrived in Lisbon on Sunday, had negative results. Yeah. The 18th Portuguese and two Brazilians will remain in prophylactic isolation for four days in dedicated facilities for this purpose at Pulido Valente Hospital (Hospital Hospital Hospital in Lisbon Norte) and Lisbon Health Park. Analyses of the four cases considered suspicious in Portugal also had negative results. Portuguese Health Minister Marta Temido has ensured that Portuguese hospitals are prepared to deal with a possible epidemic and that the situation is being handled ""quietly but rigorously""."|Health, Hospital, Wednesday, feeling, coronavirus, China, Lisbon, Portuguese, Minister, impacts, infection, 2019, nCov, moment, reduction, country, situation, National, Institute, health|country,situation,health,feeling,nCov|state,porto,wuhan,philippines,brazilians,portuguese,valente,transition,health,portugal,norte,marta,temido,world,emergency,hubei,economy,digital,and,lisbon,general,pulido,who,for,kong,institute,hospital,the,macao,jorge,ricardo,medical,hong,matosinhos,chinese,china,organisation,directorate,national,park,province|1580934600
5e3e6708ff976e92724b7085|(Repeats item with no changes in text. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.) By Clyde Russell LAUNCESTON, Australia, Feb 6 (Reuters) - China’s domestic coal mines are struggling to ramp up production in the face of the ongoing coronavirus epidemic. That’s a situation that may seem positive for seaborne exporters, but in reality it may be challenging for miners to take advantage. While there may be increased demand for imported coal in China in coming weeks, the problem for major exporters such as Indonesia, Australia and the United States is going to be one of logistics. The coronavirus is starting to have an impact on supply chains and will make it more challenging for shippers to find vessels to go to China. And even if exporters do get their goods to Chinese ports, they will likely face headaches in unloading cargoes and transporting them from docks to end-users. By Thursday, the country’s health authority said, the death toll from the coronavirus outbreak that started in the Chinese city of Wuhan had reached 563, with more than 28,000 others infected. While the fatalities and infections draw headlines, the impact of the virus is starting to cascade through China’s economy - as well as businesses in countries that trade heavily with the world’s largest consumer of commodities. The challenge of shipping coal to China was illustrated by the Australian government’s decision to impose a 14-day quarantine on vessels leaving mainland China after Feb. 1. This means such vessels will face delays upon reaching Australian ports, as the sailing time between China and both the east and west coasts of Australia is generally less than 14 days. Vessel queues outside Australian coal ports are already lengthening. Argus Media reported on Feb . 4 that the number of ships waiting outside Newcastle, the world’s largest coal export harbour, was at an 18-month high of 20 vessels. There are some other factors that may be contributing to longer vessel waiting times, such as weather and port and rail maintenance, but the overall trend is clear: Shipments to, as well as from, China are becoming more complicated to arrange. One thing that is working in exporters’ favour is a sharp decline in shipping rates. The rate to ship coal from Newcastle to China DRY-NTLNBO-COA dropped to $5.87 a tonne on Wednesday, the lowest in almost four years and about a third of the $16.49 peak reached in September last year. At these freight prices, shipping companies will be losing money on every voyage, while they are also facing higher costs from the mandatory switch to cleaner fuels that kicked in last month as part of a change in global shipping regulations known as IMO2020. While the cost of shipping may be depressed, the main challenge will be securing vessels with owners prepared to send them to China. Certainly, Asian seaborne coal prices have yet to show any meaningful spike from China’s domestic coal woes. The price of 6,000 kilocalorie per kilogram (kcal/kg) coal at Newcastle, as assessed by brokers Tullett Prebon climbed to $69.35 a tonne on Thursday, up from a recent low of $66.30 on Feb. 3, but still below the high so far this year of $72 on Jan. 13. The price of lower-quality 4,200 kcal/kg coal from Indonesia has fared better, with the weekly Argus index rising to a six-month high of $35.48 a tonne in the week ended Jan. 31. The rise in the Indonesian coal price follows similar gains in domestic prices in China, with thermal coal at Qinhuangdao, as assessed by SteelHome SH-QHA-TRMCOAL ending at 563 yuan ($80.66) on Wednesday, down slightly from 564 yuan on Feb. 4, which was the highest in three months . The coal market appears to be reacting with caution to the coronavirus, with still considerable uncertainty over how much domestic output has been lost, what transport bottlenecks exist currently in China and whether more imported coal will be needed. Even if it is, can it get there efficiently? What is becoming clearer is that the efforts to contain the virus by limiting economic activity in China is going to have multiple flow-on effects through commodity supply chains. (Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)|China, coal, Feb, vessels, shipping, domestic, coronavirus, exporters, Australia, face, ports, Australian, Newcastle, month, high, tonne, prices, price, Reuters, seaborne|Australia,domestic,seaborne,face,Newcastle|clyde,wuhan,russell,australian,australia,prebon,united,newcastle,indonesian,kenneth,indonesia,qha,launceston,sh,s,argus,asian,chinese,tullett,maxwell,china,states,steelhome,qinhuangdao,trmcoal,imo2020,media|1580994000
5e3fad167789d687c1b759f6|"Singapore, 20 January. /tass/ Since Monday, Singapore authorities have tightened health controls on all flights from China to the local airport in Changji. Previously, the system only applied to flights from Wuhan, where the number of pneumonia cases caused by the new Colorado virus 2019 ncov continued to increase. According to a report issued by Singapore's health department, in the past 14 days, some people suspected of pneumonia went to Wuhan, Will be hospitalized and quarantined prior to diagnosis. The agency also noted that a 44 year old Singaporean citizen was taken to hospital on Monday with similar symptoms. As a result, the total number of patients suspected of new pneumonia reached seven. However, the diagnosis of six people has failed. ""The Singapore government is concerned about the rising incidence in Wuhan,"" said ram pingming, senior State Minister of the Ministry of health of the Republic on Monday, There have also been new cases in other regions and cities in China. """|Singapore, Monday, health, Wuhan, pneumonia, flights, China, number, cases, people, suspected, diagnosis, 20, January, tass, authorities, tightened, controls, local, airport|health,tightened,flights,pneumonia,suspected|republic,singapore,wuhan,colorado,singaporean,changji,china,s|1579545961
5e3e683aff976e92724b7120|(Updates with measures in casinos) By Donny Kwok HONG KONG, Jan 22 (Reuters) - The Chinese-ruled gambling hub of Macau confirmed on Wednesday its first case of pneumonia linked to an outbreak of a newly identified coronavirus and tightened temperature screening measures in casinos and around the city. The death toll from the flu-like coronavirus in China rose to nine on Wednesday with 440 confirmed cases. The virus, originating in Wuhan at the end of last year, has spread to Chinese cities including Beijing and Shanghai, as well as the United States, Thailand, South Korea, Japan and Taiwan. The Macau case involves a 52-year-old Wuhan businesswoman who reported to hospital on Tuesday, said Macau Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture Ao Leong Lu, who vicechairs a committee set up to respond to the virus. The woman took a high-speed train to the Chinese city of Zhuhai on Jan 19, then a shuttlebus to Macau. She had dinner with two friends, then went to the hotel and spent a long time in casinos. She was in a stable condition in an isolation ward. Her two friends were also being monitored and were in isolation. Speaking at a news conference in Macau, Ao and other officials said authorities were coordinating with six gaming enterprises to introduce temperature screening machines at all entrances into casinos. A total of 405 guest entrances and 47 staff entrances have already been provided with portable screening devices and all casino staff had to wear surgical masks. All performers and staff at the events hosted across Macau will be screened. Entry points into Macau will also have temperature checks and visitors will be asked to fill in a health declaration form. Bus stops, taxi stands and wet markets will be cleaned more frequently. The tourist-magnet casino industry in Macau, which returned to Chinese rule in 1999, accounts for more than 80% of the revenue in the city of 600,000 people . Macau is a popular Lunar New Year destination for mainland Chinese. Coronaviruses are a family of viruses named because of the crown-like spikes on their surfaces that cause respiratory illnesses ranging from the common cold to the deadly Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). (Writing by Marius Zaharia; Editing by Shri Navaratnam, Christian Schmollinger and Michael Perry)|Macau, Chinese, casinos, temperature, screening, city, entrances, staff, measures, Jan, confirmed, Wednesday, case, coronavirus, virus, Wuhan, year, Ao, friends, isolation|virus,Ao,Jan,confirmed,Wednesday|taiwan,thailand,wuhan,lu,shri,michael,schmollinger,beijing,united,japan,kwok,ruled,year,perry,christian,kong,lunar,zaharia,ao,south,new,korea,macau,hong,navaratnam,chinese,donny,leong,china,states,zhuhai,shanghai,marius|1579673280
5e3e9af676c6e08a821bd172|"In addition, the virus has spread to the vast majority of provinces and cities in China, and four remote provinces (regions) including Inner Mongolia, Shaanxi, Gansu and Xinjiang were abandoned yesterday. Currently, only Tibet and Jilin provinces have not confirmed cases of infection. The number of dead also increased by 52% to 26 in one day, two of whom were from Hebei Province and Heilongjiang province outside Hubei Province. This is the first time that there has been a death case of pneumonia in Wuhan outside Hubei Province. In addition, the CDC survey found that 51% of the patients had not been to the Southern China seafood market in Wuhan or had any contact with the patients. They believed that the new coronavirus pneumonia had spread in Wuhan. The center investigated 198 confirmed cases as of January 19, and found that 22% of the patients had direct contact with the seafood market in South China, and 32% of the patients had contact with the patients with respiratory symptoms or fever. According to the Heilongjiang health and Health Commission this morning, two new confirmed cases of pneumonia in Wuhan were reported yesterday (23 days), including one death, which means the patient died on the day of diagnosis. However, the health and Health Commission did not disclose the history of the deceased, only that the deceased was from Suihua City. So far, there are 4 confirmed cases in Heilongjiang Province, respectively from Harbin City, Mudanjiang City and Daqing city. In addition, 487 people have received medical observation. As for the second case of death due to infection outside Wuhan, Hebei Province. According to the provincial health and Health Commission, the 80 year old male died of chest distress and dyspnea after visiting his relatives in Wuhan for about two months and returning to Nanpi County, Cangzhou City. After being hospitalized for isolation treatment, he died the previous (22) days and was diagnosed with Wuhan pneumonia yesterday. The remaining 24 deaths were from Hubei Province, where Wuhan is located. The national health and Health Commission announced that by 24:00 on the 23rd, 830 confirmed cases had spread to 29 provinces (regions and cities) in China, which means 93% of the virus had spread. Among them, 177 were serious cases, another 1072 were suspected cases, and 8420 received medical observation. In order to achieve ""zero output"", at least five counties and cities in Hubei have announced the closure of the city. In addition to Wuhan, the source city, Huanggang, Ezhou, Zhijiang and Chibi have also been closed. Hubei deputy director of Commerce: be careful of close contacts In Hubei Province, where the epidemic is most serious, in order to prevent further spread, all travel groups will be cancelled, classes will be postponed in primary and secondary schools, and investment promotion activities will be suspended 。 However, Huang Mouhong, deputy director of the Hubei Provincial Department of Commerce, confirmed the infection of the new coronavirus before cancelling the investment activities. According to the Provincial Department of Commerce, Huang had cold symptoms before, but later the situation became more and more serious, even the station was unstable, and was diagnosed after examination. Before the onset of Huang's illness, he visited Tanhuasi village in Zhijiang City on the 17th to inspect the local poverty alleviation industry. An internal notice from the Department of Commerce issued by the Chinese media said that those who had close contact with Huang from the 17th to the 22nd of this month were required to actively contact the CDC and seek medical advice in time in case of physical discomfort. In Guangdong Province, where the epidemic is serious, the local health protection committee announced that 21 new coronavirus pneumonia cases were added yesterday, and 3 cases and 1 cases were confirmed for the first time in Yangjiang and Qingyuan, so that 53 cases were confirmed in the province."|cases, Wuhan, confirmed, Province, Hubei, spread, pneumonia, patients, contact, health, City, addition, provinces, China, Health, Commission, Commerce, Huang, cities, infection|health,provinces,pneumonia,patients,confirmed|commission,wuhan,gansu,city,cangzhou,department,guangdong,health,xinjiang,county,southern,harbin,huang,hubei,and,jilin,mudanjiang,heilongjiang,s,tibet,nanpi,shaanxi,daqing,mongolia,of,qingyuan,provincial,south,ezhou,tanhuasi,yangjiang,chibi,cdc,commerce,huanggang,inner,chinese,china,zhijiang,mouhong,suihua,hebei,province|1579856220
5e43fb0e5f23719b6c6f642a|JAKARTA/BOGOR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia is not hiding anything over the coronavirus, the health minister said on Tuesday, after some medical researchers expressed concern that cases may have gone undetected in the world’s fourth most populous country. While the virus has quickly spread from China throughout much of the rest of the region and beyond, the sprawling Southeast Asian country of more than 260 million people has not recorded any cases so far. Dozens of cases have been recorded in other regional countries including Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and the Philippines, where one person has died, raising suspicions on social media in particular over a potential lack of vigilance in Indonesia. Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, in the United States, then said in a study last week that Indonesia should rapidly strengthen outbreak surveillance and control - especially given that it had direct flights from the central Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the virus. The Harvard team said that Indonesia’s lack of confirmed cases “may suggest the potential for undetected cases” as air travel may contribute to cases being exported from China. The virus has killed over 1,000, with more than 42,000 confirmed cases in China and 319 cases in 24 other countries. Many of the cases outside China have been in people who have a history of travelling to the country. “We have the kits to check coronavirus and they’re certified ... Nothing is concealed,” Health Minister Terawan Agus Putranto said after a cabinet meeting at the Bogor presidential palace outside Jakarta, in response to the concerns. Indonesia has tested 64 samples from suspected coronavirus infections - 62 of which were declared negative with two still being tested, health ministry Research and development agency head Siswanto said during a tour of its laboratory in Jakarta. Navaratnasamy Paranietharan, the WHO’s Indonesia representative, told a conference on Tuesday: “Indonesia has taken concrete measures and the World Health Organization is quite confident that Indonesia is ready to be able to respond to this situation.” Indonesia has barred entry to visitors who have been in China for 14 days and stopped all flights to and from there. Vivi Setiawaty, another health ministry official, said it was unclear why Indonesia had not seen any cases but said authorities were better prepared since facing H5N1 avian influenza from 2005. “We remain cautious,” she told reporters. Indonesia has readied 100 hospitals across the archipelago including three in Jakarta and has also quarantined more than 240 of its citizens evacuated from Hubei province, home to Wuhan, to the island of Natuna, north of Borneo. The WHO’s Paranietharan said it appeared unlikely, as some have suggested, that the hot tropical climate could be a factor in curbing cases though more data would be required to be sure. “It doesn’t make sense at this point whether that could be the reason why we don’t have coronavirus cases in Indonesia,” Paranietharan said.|Indonesia, cases, China, coronavirus, health, country, virus, Health, Jakarta, Paranietharan, Tuesday, undetected, people, recorded, countries, including, potential, lack, Harvard, flights|health,country,virus,flights,lack|thailand,philippines,wuhan,navaratnasamy,t,malaysia,health,tuesday,vietnam,terawan,paranietharan,jakarta,world,singapore,united,chan,hubei,indonesia,vivi,bogor,who,s,agus,natuna,school,putranto,borneo,of,southeast,harvard,asian,setiawaty,siswanto,chinese,organization,china,states,h,public|1581426420
5e3faca97789d687c1b759cc|"Geneva, 23 January. /tass/ The World Health Organization (who) emergency committee will continue to discuss this issue on 23 January, Declared or not declared a state of emergency due to a new outbreak of coronary pneumonia in China Who director general teros Adana gebreysu announced this at a news conference Wednesday in Geneva at the end of the first day of the committee's emergency session. He thinks the state of the new pneumonia is complex. "" There was an excellent discussion today. But in order to make a decision, we need more information. ""So I decided to ask the emergency committee to meet again tomorrow to continue the discussion,"" the general manager said. The head of who expressed appreciation for the cooperation with the Chinese authorities. "" He said that all measures have been taken to deal with the emergency. ""He recalled that the world organization delegation is now working in China, working with local experts and officials to enable China to deal with the emergency. Investigate emergencies and get more information. "" The director general did not answer the question whether who intends to recommend travel restrictions on China. "" We can say more about tomorrow. "" About The representatives of China, Japan, Thailand and the Republic of Korea expressed their views on the situation at the meeting. Members of the committee also made statements and expressed different views on whether to declare a new pneumonia emergency. Michael Ryan, director of the WHO health emergency programme, stressed at the first day of the press conference that, The urgent task now is to find out how 2019 ncov is passed from person to person. According to him, the Chinese authorities announced that there was evidence of ""such transfer"", and now the most important thing is to find out how to limit the spread of the Colorado virus."|emergency, China, committee, pneumonia, director, general, expressed, Geneva, 23, January, continue, state, announced, conference, day, discussion, information, Chinese, authorities, deal|day,committee,pneumonia,announced,authorities|republic,world,adana,thailand,colorado,organization,geneva,chinese,china,japan,ryan,health,of,michael,korea,who,gebreysu|1579741742
5e43fb1b5f23719b6c6f6444|Feb 11 (Reuters) - Sino Grandness Food Industry Group Ltd : * APPLIED TO SINGAPORE EXCHANGE SECURITIES TRADING LTD FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO RELEASE  FY RESULTS * APPLICATION FOR EXTENSION IN VIEW OF OUTBREAK OF WUHAN CORONAVIRUS IN PRC * SSEES THAT DUE TO SHORTAGE OF MANPOWER IT WILL REQUIRE AN EXTENSION OF TIME TO REVIEW FY ACCOUNTS * APPLIED TO SINGAPORE EXCHANGE SECURITIES TRADING LTD FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO POSTPONE AGM TO 30 JUNE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:|EXTENSION, TIME, APPLIED, SINGAPORE, EXCHANGE, SECURITIES, TRADING, FY, Feb, 11, Reuters, Sino, Grandness, Food, Industry, Group, RELEASE, RESULTS, APPLICATION, VIEW|Sino,Group,VIEW,FY,APPLICATION|grandness,sino,ltd,singapore,group,wuhan,industry,eikon,food|1581427200
5e3fa87a7789d687c1b75831|Berlin, February 1. /tass/ On Saturday, a German Federal Airlines plane evacuated German citizens and their relatives from Wuhan, China, due to pneumonia. This is from n-tv. On the last night of its flight from China, the bundesver A310 made a temporary landing in Helsinki. 144 passengers on board - 108 Germans, 34 Chinese citizens, 1 Bulgarian and 1 American each. They'il was quarantined for two weeks. They will be deployed in a camp in Rhineland pfartz. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In 11 million isolated industrial centers, thousands of foreigners, including the United States and Japan, have special planes to take their own citizens out of the country. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. The World Health Organization has confirmed an international emergency in Colorado. So far, the number of patients in China has exceeded 11000. 259 people died. In Germany, there are seven cases of infection, one of which is a child.|China, citizens, German, Wuhan, pneumonia, Chinese, 2019, including, Berlin, February, tass, Saturday, Federal, Airlines, plane, evacuated, relatives, due, tv, night|citizens,Berlin,Federal,pneumonia,relatives|rhineland,wuhan,health,they,a310,world,germany,berlin,united,airlines,il,japan,federal,germans,russia,colorado,american,helsinki,bulgarian,german,chinese,organization,china,states|1580590808
5e4b5dbd2319c47cc7868a90|Feb 18 (Reuters) - Coles Group Ltd: * GROSS OPERATING CAPEX CONTINUES TO BE ON TRACK FOR $700 MILLION TO $900 MILLION FY SPEND * CAPEX GUIDANCE ON TRACK ALTHOUGH CORONAVIRUS IS DELAYING RENEWAL REFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT BEING SHIPPED OUT OF CHINA * IN LIQUOR, EXPECTED THAT EARNINGS WILL REMAIN UNDER PRESSURE IN H2 * HY GROUP EBIT INCLUDES A PROVISION OF $20 MILLION FOR ESTIMATED SALARY RELATED PAYMENTS, INTEREST AND ON COSTS COVERING PRIOR SIX YEARS * LIQUOR SALES REVENUE WAS $1.7 BILLION FOR HALF, AN INCREASE OF 3.3% ON PRIOR CORRESPONDING PERIOD, WITH COMPARABLE SALES GROWTH OF 1.5% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:|MILLION, CAPEX, TRACK, LIQUOR, PRIOR, SALES, Feb, 18, Reuters, Coles, Group, GROSS, OPERATING, CONTINUES, 700, 900, FY, SPEND, GUIDANCE, CORONAVIRUS|Group,GUIDANCE,CORONAVIRUS,FY,MILLION|ltd,group,coles,china,eikon|1581947160
5e46a73f23c17a9ed09fbe80|As many as 406 people, brought to India from China in the middle of novel corornavirus outbreak, have been quarantined at the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) facility at Chhawla in Delhi for past 12 days. They had been evacuated from Wuhan, the epicentre of novel coronavirus outbreak, in two batches onboard separate Air India flights. Samples of 200 people, housed at the quarantine facility, were taken on Thursday by a team of doctors. The final samples will be collected on 13th and 14th day of quarantine. As per medical advisory, the inmates of the quarantine centre can leave only after 18 days. Samples collected at the quarantine centre will be sent to designated laboratories and once the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) gives a clearance, the people housed at the ITBP quarantine centre may go home. Those who test negative in the final report for the novel coronavirus, now officially named as Covid-19, will be allowed to go home after the prescribed quarantine period is over. In earlier test, all 406 people had tested negative for the Covid-19. Meanwhile, two persons had to be shifted to the Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi after they developed cough and fever. ITBP has made arrangement for food, bed, medicine and other requirements of all those housed at the quarantine centre. Four isolation beds have been kept ready, in case someone shows symptoms of coronavirus infection. Four critical-care life-support ambulances are also available at the centre. There are seven Maldivian nationals housed at the quarantine centre. They were evacuated from Wuhan, along with Indian citizens.|quarantine, centre, people, housed, ITBP, coronavirus, 406, India, outbreak, facility, Delhi, days, evacuated, Wuhan, Samples, final, collected, Indian, home, test|quarantine,406,days,final,Indian|wuhan,delhi,icmr,19,india,covid,council,itbp,border,hospital,indo,of,research,maldivian,medical,indian,chhawla,police,china,tibetan,air,safdarjung|1581558780
5e4147c1b727ac2cbdecea8a|"The device to respond to suspicious cases with the new coronavirus was extended, with two more INEM ambulances, one in Coimbra and one in Faro. As for the twenty citizens who arrived last Sunday in Portugal, repatriated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, will repeat the analyses when they are near the end of the quarantine. The announcement was made this Thursday at a press conference by INEM President Luis Meira. Portugal now has four ambulances for transporting suspicious cases. ""We have both ambulances prepared in Porto and Lisbon, and since yesterday [Wednesday] we have strengthened this [response] possibility with two more teams in Coimbra and Faro, in case we have new cases,"" said the person responsible, emphasising that everything has been done in ""strict coordination"" with the Directorate-General for Health (DGS). If measures need to be strengthened and INEM partners involved, this will be done. Already on Wednesday, the Director-General for Health said that Portugal is preparing a second course of action in the event of more suspicious cases. ""Our priority is the autonomous regions. And there will be another line, with 15 to 20 hospitals prepared from the laboratory and patient follow-up point of view, in the Central region of Coimbra. The escalation of resources is in line with the escalation of the epidemic."" Grace Freitas said that at the moment all Regional Health Administrations ""have already activated contingency plans"" and institutions ""are training new professionals, reviewing circuits, possible areas of isolation, strengthening individual protective equipment and testing plans"". The president of INEM took the opportunity to respond to criticisms of a lack of personal protective equipment by the Union of Pre-Hospital Emergency Techniques. Yeah. ""It is being prepared and, if necessary, at the right time, INEM will provide the reinforcement of this equipment to these partners,"" he said, stressing that at the moment ""there is no indication to massify such equipment"". He added that pre-hospital teams ""know that they can contact patients with certain diseases, some communicable, out of the context we are living in, and basic infection control measures must always be active"". The issue was raised after a suspicious case with the new Felgueiras coronavirus was referred to Port. Luis Meira explained that at the time the fire department went to the factory where the Italian technician was present, this was not yet a case validated and there was an indication that he would be having difficulty breathing. Therefore, he said, the priority was to respond immediately to the patient. And that when the case was validated, he was in isolation and was referred to the reference hospital. An article signed by four public health specialists in the scientific journal of the Portuguese Medical Acts, published this Thursday, warns that Portugal may not be prepared to contain any cases of infection with the new coronavirus. It does not mention this particular case, but it does refer to the ""lack of preparation"" in dealing with a suspicious case. Grace Freitas further stated that the Port case ""was properly referred from a clinical and public health point of view"", having arrived at the hospital which was due, committed in isolation and with tests carried out by the reference laboratory. ""What could have gone less well? The social tranquility part,""it took over. ""You could have talked to people first and reassured yourself. But the first priority is to get the patient to the right hospital and to be safe,""he said, stressing that""sometimes validation processes are complex."" Yeah. Which is why it takes longer before a validation is given or not. And rejected the criticism in the article. ""We have been prepared in the past and are now. The proof is that we've found suspicious cases, validated and routed them to the right hospitals. The three other situations, as you know, arrived quickly and exemplary at the respective hospital. From one case to deduce that we are not prepared it does not seem to me to be the right question,""said Grace Freitas, stating that the question of social tranquility""will have to be taken care of in future interventions"". The twenty repatriated people of the Chinese city of Wuhan are now all together in Pulido Valente hospital after the group has asked to stay in the same space. And since this Thursday, between 10 and 17 hours, they can com e abroad in a space reserved for them and comply with the safety rules with the mask. A repeat of the analysis will be made ""near the end of the period of prophylactic isolation"", said the Director-General of Health. A decision taken after consulting several experts. The chosen height should be around the 11th or 12th day of isolation. Subscribe free of charge to newsletters and receive the best of today and the deepest works of the public. In addition to these twenty citizens, health authorities are also monitoring over the phone the six Portuguese who were in Germany training with the sick German group. As for the seven citizens with a Portuguese passport who are on a quarantine cruise, Grace Freitas said there is no additional risk to them and has no information that they have been tested."|case, suspicious, cases, prepared, hospital, INEM, isolation, Portugal, Health, Grace, Freitas, equipment, respond, coronavirus, ambulances, Coimbra, twenty, citizens, arrived, Thursday|citizens,arrived,isolation,Freitas,Grace|porto,wuhan,portuguese,valente,freitas,portugal,health,acts,coimbra,germany,emergency,techniques,grace,lisbon,pre,general,faro,luis,thursday,pulido,union,for,administrations,hospital,italian,regional,inem,of,meira,medical,central,german,chinese,felgueiras,directorate,port|1581021529
5e46a8dc38303d4e15c955a8|"After a sudden jump in the number of deaths caused by the novel coronavirus in China, here is what we know about the disease, how it spreads and how it might be contained. What's the toll? China's official death toll spiked dramatically on Thursday after authorities changed their counting methods. While fuelling fears that the epidemic may be far worse than being reported, the new method uses lung imaging and could help faster diagnosis. So far more than 60 000 people have been infected, the vast majority of them in China's Hubei province, the epicentre of the outbreak. A total of 1 370 are known to have died from the virus, all but three in China. Calculating the mortality rate of the new virus strain is tricky because of the time lag between reported cases and confirmed deaths. One study from Imperial College this week put the mortality rate at 18 percent inside Hubei province. Globally however the toll is likely to be far lower - between 0.5 and 4.0% of cases, the study said. If this bears out, it is likely that the novel coronavirus is less deadly than other strains, such as SARS and Mers, with mortality rates of 9.5% and 34.5%, respectively. How infectious is it? According to a study in the New England Medical Journal by Chinese researchers, each person who falls ill with coronavirus will infect 2.2 others on average. That is a higher rate than winter flu (1.3), lower than an infectious disease such as measles (more than 12), and comparable to SARS (3) - the last major virus that broke out in China, in 2002-03. WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has said the key question is how quickly the disease is spreading beyond China. ""The detection of a small number of cases may indicate more widespread transmission in other countries; in short, we may only be seeing the tip of the iceberg,"" he warned in a recent tweet. A study this week, which has yet to be peer-reviewed, estimated that transmissions in Wuhan - the city at the centre of the outbreak -- were likely to peak in mid-February. Rowland Kao of the University of Edinburgh welcomed the research but cautioned: ""It does not imply that the disease is necessarily under control. ""If previously unexposed populations become infected, the outbreak could start rising again,"" he said. When is it contagious? Scientists initially thought the virus became contagious several days after symptoms started to appear, as happened with SARS, Arnaud Fontanet of the Institut Pasteur told AFP. They now think it could be infectious earlier than that. ""Today, everybody agrees that the contagious period starts as soon as symptoms appear,"" said Fontanet, a specialist in tracking emerging diseases. There had even been a few cases of transmission from people who showed no symptoms, he added. One reason these cases are rare is that coughing is a major means of transmission -- and a symptomless carrier does not cough. Despite rumours to the contrary, a study published Wednesday in the Lancet medical journal found no evidence that pregnant women suffering from the virus can pass it to their babies. What are the symptoms? A study of 99 coronavirus patients published last month concluded that around half of cases occurred in people with underlying chronic diseases, such as heart disease and diabetes. All patients had pneumonia, most had a fever, 80% were coughing and more than half had trouble breathing. Identifying coronavirus symptoms is all the more important - and difficult - because of a simultaneous epidemic of seasonal flu, which has similar symptoms. Where did it come from? Many animals are capable of transmitting viruses to other species, and nearly all strains of the coronavirus contagious to humans originated in wildlife. Bats are known carriers of the latest strain of the disease, but scientists think that the virus was spread to humans in Wuhan via another mammal species. Chinese researchers last week suggested that the pangolin - a widely trafficked and endangered mammal - could be the ""missing link"" that transferred the disease to humans. The official name for the virus - which is in the same family as SARS - is SARS-CoV-2, while the name given to the disease it causes is COVID-19"|disease, virus, coronavirus, China, cases, study, symptoms, SARS, contagious, toll, people, outbreak, mortality, rate, infectious, transmission, humans, number, deaths, official|study,virus,contagious,disease,humans|england,wuhan,ghebreyesus,journal,adhanom,cov,university,afp,sars,institut,imperial,hubei,lancet,2,rowland,s,fontanet,of,medical,new,mers,pasteur,arnaud,chinese,china,tedros,kao,college,edinburgh|1581618600
5e3d9af0809af6ba029e00ac|Beijing: Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke with us president Donald Trump on the issue of new coronary artery by telephone this morning. He said that since the outbreak of new coronary artery, the Chinese government and people have made great efforts to prevent and control the epidemic, and Xinhua news agency has guaranteed this. He added that China has carried out nationwide mobilization, extensive deployment and rapid response, adopted more comprehensive and powerful control and prevention measures, and launched a mass fight against AIDS. The eleventh session pointed out that China's efforts have gradually achieved positive results, stressed that China has full confidence and ability to overcome the epidemic, and pointed out that the long-term development trend of China's economy will not change. Xi said that China is committed to protecting not only the health and life of the people, but also the health and life of people all over the world. 11、 With an open, transparent and responsible attitude, China informed the World Health Organization (who) and relevant countries and regions, including the United States, about the epidemic in a timely manner, and invited experts from who and various departments to visit Wuhan, the central city of China. Outbreak. He added that China is on the front line of AIDS prevention and control, and who and many countries highly value China's timely, decisive and effective actions. The president of China noted that China and the United States maintained communication in the prevention and control of the epidemic. He appreciated Trump's positive comments and expressed gratitude for the supplies donated by all sectors of American society. no It affects the need for all countries to work together to fight epidemics, and the prevention and control of new coronary arteries is now at a critical moment. Article 11 reiterates who's repeated calls from a professional point of view to avoid overreaction, and entrusts the United States with a calm analysis of the epidemic and the adoption and adjustment of its reasonable response. He said the two sides can maintain communication, strengthen coordination and work together to contain the epidemic. Mr. trump said that the United States fully supports China's fight against AIDS and is willing to send experts and other assistance to Asian countries. He said that China has built two special hospitals for new patients with coronary artery infection in an unbelievable short period of time, which is impressive and shows that China has great coping and organizational capacity. The Chinese people will surely win the battle against the coronary artery The United States continues to be confident in China's economic development and will calmly study and respond to the epidemic. At the same time, it is willing to conduct exchanges and cooperation with China through bilateral channels and who. Xi. He recalled that China and the United States recently signed the first phase of the trade and economic agreement, which he believed was beneficial to both countries and to world peace and prosperity. He pointed out that this progress shows that despite differences between the two countries, as long as the two countries maintain the spirit of equality and mutual respect, they can find mutually acceptable solutions through dialogue and consultation. no The eleventh session hopes that the United States and China will cooperate to achieve greater reconciliation, earnestly implement the consensus reached by the two heads of state, respect the basic principles of coordination, cooperation and stability, and put bilateral relations on the right path in the new year. In this regard, Mr. trump pledged Washington's desire to work with Beijing to implement the agreement and promote bilateral relations. The two heads of state also agreed to maintain close contact in several areas.|China, epidemic, countries, United, States, coronary, control, artery, people, prevention, Chinese, Xi, fight, AIDS, pointed, work, maintain, bilateral, Beijing, president|maintain,bilateral,prevention,countries,Beijing|world,united,wuhan,aids,chinese,organization,jinping,american,china,states,xi,washington,health,donald,trump,xinhua,who,beijing,s,asian|1581134400
5e414c197e27cd38d1b1ef3b|"""It takes a lot of bad luck,"" Lusa tells Hubei Chufeng Heli's goalkeeper coach, who competes in the third Chinese football division. I came on Wednesday from the pre-season internship in Kunming (southwest China), just to pick up my bags, and this morning I was notified I couldn't leave town"", he says. ""Highways, rail and air links, everything's closed,"" he describes. We can't get out of here,""he adds. Authorities have banned the entry and exit of Wuhan and two other neighbouring towns, for an indefinite period, in a de facto quarantine that caught millions of people off guard on the eve of the start of the Lunar New Year holiday. The main feast of Chinese families, equivalent to Christmas in Western countries, is also the largest internal migration on the planet: according to the Chinese Ministry of Transport there will be a total of three billion domestic journeys over the next forty days. Antonio Rosa, professor of Design and Art at an international school in Wuhan, was also caught by surprise: ""I had been on vacation for several days, but I was waiting for my girlfriend's holiday, starting on Friday, so that we could travel together to Vietnam"". ""If you knew what I know today, you wouldn't be here,"" you tell Lusa. The virus was initially detected last month in a shellfish market in the suburbs of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province, which is also an important domestic and international transport centre, but has spread to several Chinese provinces. The disease has been identified as a new type of coronavirus, similar to atypical pneumonia, or Severe Acute Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which between 2002 and 2003 killed 650 people in mainland China and Hong Kong Yeah. Initially the Chinese authorities only reported 41 patients, all in Wuhan, and ruled out that the disease was transmissible among humans, but the number of infected increased rapidly this week and reached today the 571, distributed by 25 Chinese provinces, and killed 17 people. Miguel Matos tells us that in Wuhan, the seventh largest city in China, with 11 million inhabitants, silence is ""total"", with the ""closed establishments and empty streets"". After notification of authorities, vegetables and other goods sold out quickly in the city supermarkets as households accumulate supplies. In petrol stations, long queues also formed along the day. ""We went shopping because we didn't have anything in the house, but we've only been able to buy some meat,"" Coach says. Antonio Rosa reveals that the masks, whose use is recommended by the authorities to prevent the contagion, have been depleted quickly in Wuhan's stores, and there are those who are taking advantage of them now for four times the original price. The professor says that, for the time being, the quarantine situation will hold, but that if it lasts for weeks it will be ""impossible"". Miguel Matos says he does not know how long the quarantine will be in force, but reveals that officials at a local hospital have informed him that it can be extended until the end of March. ""What I am told is that there is no over-zeal, but that the situation is really serious"", he says. Images broadcast on Chinese social networks show city hospitals swarming with people who chained them to do clinical analysis. Long queues also formed at the airport and train station as residents attempted to leave Wuhan. According to Lusa Agency estimates, six Portuguese people live in Wuhan. The city also hosts dozens of Angolan and other Portuguese-speaking students each year at Wuhan University, one of the largest in the country in the field of engineering."|Wuhan, Chinese, people, city, Lusa, China, quarantine, largest, authorities, tells, Hubei, leave, closed, caught, holiday, total, domestic, days, Antonio, Rosa|quarantine,tells,domestic,authorities,largest|design,wuhan,heli,portuguese,university,rosa,art,vietnam,hubei,miguel,and,transport,year,lusa,chufeng,agency,s,kong,lunar,angolan,western,of,ministry,new,southwest,hong,antonio,chinese,china,kunming,matos,speaking,province|1579790929
5e41247a6e5e64d927600419|PUTRAJAYA — Malaysia will be discussing with China to airlift Malaysian citizens trapped in the Hubei province, the epicentre of a new, deadly coronavirus strain, back home. In a press conference on Wednesday (Jan 29), Malaysian prime minister Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad said: “We are faced with a problem where Malaysians in Wuhan cannot get out of Wuhan, but we want to discuss, negotiate with the Chinese government, so that Malaysian citizens who are not ill, can come back to Malaysia. “And they will be checked when they reach Malaysia. If there is proof they are ill from coronavirus, or they were there long, we will quarantine these Malaysians before they are allowed to go back to their homes.” Dr Mahathir said the incubation period would be 14 days. Wuhan is the capital city of the Hubei province, currently ravaged by the coronavirus, dubbed the Wuhan virus or 2019-nCoV in short. Also present during the press conference was the country’s health minister Datuk Seri Dzulkefly Ahmad, who confirmed that there are currently 78 Malaysians in Wuhan. He said that none of them had tested positive for the Wuhan virus. MALAY MAIL|Wuhan, Malaysia, Malaysian, coronavirus, back, Malaysians, citizens, Hubei, province, press, conference, minister, Dr, Mahathir, ill, virus, PUTRAJAYA, discussing, China, airlift|Malaysian,Malaysians,citizens,province,ill|malaysians,mohamad,dr,wuhan,dzulkefly,hubei,chinese,tun,mahathir,china,malaysia,ncov,mail,malay,putrajaya,seri,ahmad,malaysian,2019,datuk|1580288341
5e3fa6a37789d687c1b75765|"Tokyo, February 5. /tass/ The Ministry of foreign affairs of Japan informed the Russian Embassy in Tokyo that there were 24 passengers on board the cruise ship Diamond Princes, among whom coronary artery pneumonia was found. Citizens of the Russian Federation This is the TASS report in the diplomatic mission on Wednesday. It was reported that there were two Russians on board. The Japanese Foreign Ministry informed the Embassy that there were 24 Russian citizens on board the cruise ship. The embassy worked closely with the Japanese Ministry of foreign affairs and the Japanese Ministry of health on this matter, and we are monitoring the situation. ""Russian citizens provide food and medical assistance on board,"" the embassy said. According to the Ministry of health, labor and welfare of Japan, there are about 3700 people on board. These countries have a population of more than 50. The competent authority did not specify which one. The ship left Yokohama on 20 January and returned on 3 February. Among the passengers was a Chinese citizen who found a new coronal airline there. He went to Hong Kong on January 25. According to the decision of the Japanese authorities, a cruise ship was parked near Yokohama to conduct medical examination for all the people on board. About Doctors found that 273 people were either in contact with Chinese citizens or suffering from pneumonia. At present, there are 31 test results, 10 of which are confirmed by coronavirus as nationals of Japan, China, the United States, Australia and the Philippines. All of these people were evacuated to the coast by coast guard ships and hospitalized, and their condition was considered normal. There are two weeks of quarantine on board. According to the representative of Japan Airlines, all passengers will not bear any extra cost during the isolation period. Including accommodation and meals."|board, Ministry, Japan, Russian, ship, Japanese, people, passengers, cruise, found, citizens, Tokyo, February, foreign, affairs, informed, Embassy, 24, pneumonia, embassy|citizens,board,embassy,Japan,Russian|philippines,affairs,russian,yokohama,australia,united,airlines,diamond,tass,japan,japanese,tokyo,kong,of,ministry,princes,hong,federation,russians,chinese,foreign,china,states|1580909533
5e40cec1c0fe4e1400def4db|"In Germany there is the first case of the Coronavirus. There is no reason to panic, says Oliver Witzke, director of the Infectiology Clinic and the West German Center for Infectiology of University Medicine Essen. ""It was to be expected that we had individual cases in Germany. In this respect, it is pointless to worry about it."" And yet there is some uncertainty-- am I at risk, do I have to protect myself? Overview of the main questions and answers: Many medical facts about the new Coronavirus are still unclear: the rate of infection, for example, including aggression. The latter seems to be lower than for example in the Sars epidemic 2002/2003. ""We are talking about a case in Germany that has been quickly identified,"" says Witzke. This is in no way in relation to the flu that is currently raging. ""At which, every year, around 20.000 people die alone in Germany."" No, and yes. Because even if there is no reason to be afraid of the Coronavirus in Germany, it makes sense to protect yourself from infectious diseases, especially in view of the current flu wave. Witzke therefore also recommends a flu control. It doesn't just protect you from the flu. This cannot be confused with lung disease. The best remedy for infectious respiratory diseases, whether flu, coronary virus or cold, is hygiene. So much washing of hands, little shaking of hands, and careful sneezing and coughing. ""If you can't suppress it, sneeze in your sleeves or elbows to protect the environment,"" jokes say. A respiratory mask is not a suitable protection measure for uninfected people. ""Running away now and buying them would be a senseless panic reaction."" The Robert Koch Institute and the Federal Centre for Health Education have published websites with answers to the most important questions Yeah. For telephone enquiries, the health insurance company Barmer has set up a free hotline (0800 84 84 111) to answer questions from all federal citizens around the clock, not just those of its own customers. Important to know: a snoring is not an alarm sign for a possible infection with the Coronavirus. Typical symptoms are dry cough, fever, fatigue, even shortness of breath. It is also clear that those who are ill should see a doctor. But you shouldn't overdo it. ""In situations like this, there is a danger that people who have nothing will suddenly be in the emergency room,"" Witzke says. This jeopardises the emergency system. ""If you are worried about being infected with the Coronavirus for any reason, the emergency room is not the right point of contact, but the local health department."""|Germany, Coronavirus, flu, Witzke, protect, reason, questions, people, emergency, case, panic, Infectiology, answers, infection, infectious, diseases, respiratory, hands, health, 84|health,flu,questions,Infectiology,reason|infectiology,koch,university,health,medicine,sars,barmer,germany,coronavirus,west,robert,federal,for,institute,education,of,centre,witzke,clinic,center,german,essen,oliver|1580166000
5e3e6436c1ed9bdff74a3c5e|"The death toll in the deadly new coronavirus in China rose to 56 on Sunday with confirmed cases of viral affliction reaching 1,975 and 324 of them being critical, Chinese health authorities said.  The new type of pneumonia, officially being described as 2019-nCoV, has resulted in 56 deaths, the National Health Commission said. A total of 2,684 suspected cases have also been reported so far, it said. While Wuhan and 17 others cities in Hubei province remained the epicentre of the viral disease outbreak with most of the deaths having taken place there, the cases have started rising steadily in most of the Chinese provinces and cities, including Beijing. Hubei province added 323 new confirmed cases of infection on Jan 25. It also reported 13 new deaths. A total of 1,052 cases of coronavirus were reported till Jan 25 in the province, with 129 being critical, besides 52 deaths, state run Global Times reported. Ten new coronavirus afflictions were reported till Saturday in Beijing, taking the number of cases to 51 in the city, the report said. Shanghai, China's biggest city has reported 40 cases so far, it added. Amid the situation becoming grim, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Saturday said China is facing a ""grave situation"" but he exuded confidence that the country would ""win the battle"" against the coronavirus epidemic. Stepping up all-round efforts to contain the fast spreading SARS-like virus, China on Saturday announced it would build another 1,300-bed makeshift hospital in Wuhan in the next 15 days in addition to another 1,000-bed hospital being built presently in the city and expected to be completed in 10 days, to treat more cases of the deadly virus. The feverish pace at which the hospitals are being built indicates China is preparing to treat far more patients, considering the speed at which the virus is spreading . The virus has spread to Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Nepal, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Vietnam and the US as of Thursday. Japan on Friday had reported a second confirmed case. The confirmed cases in China crossed the 1,000-mark for the first time on Friday, rising sharply to 1,287 with 237 people reported critical, the Commission had said on Saturday. China's Communist Party has set up a leading group to manage the coronavirus epidemic, state media reported on Saturday. The decision was made at a meeting of the Politburo Standing Committee -- the party's top leadership tier -- chaired by Chinese President Xi.In the meeting, Xi said people from different ethnic groups and sectors should work together to support efforts to contain the spread of the deadly virus. The country is facing a “grave situation”, he was quoted as saying by the South China Morning Post. “As long as the nation has strong confidence and makes joint efforts with scientific and targeted measures, the battle of the prevention and control of the contagion will be won,"" Xi said, chairing meeting on the day of the Spring Festival or Lunar New Year. Xi also called for all-out efforts to prevent and control the coronavirus-related pneumonia and extended his heartfelt gratitude to the frontline medical staff, struggling to control the outbreak. He also called for strengthening the protection of medical staff, ensuring the steady supply of requisite materials and intensifying disclosure of related information to guide the public opinion and mobilise social forces to uphold the overall stability of society. The CPC meeting urged concrete efforts to ensure access to adequate supplies of materials to Wuhan. The participants of the meeting also urged to ensure all-out efforts to treat patients, and disclose disease-related information in an accurate, open and transparent manner to address concerns from both at home and abroad, it said."|cases, reported, China, coronavirus, efforts, Saturday, Xi, virus, meeting, confirmed, Chinese, deaths, deadly, critical, Wuhan, province, city, situation, treat, control|province,virus,situation,efforts,treat|commission,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,jinping,nepal,health,politburo,sars,vietnam,beijing,singapore,us,party,hubei,japan,communist,year,morning,in,festival,s,kong,times,cpc,lunar,standing,global,south,new,korea,macau,hong,committee,chinese,china,post,xi,like,spring,national,shanghai|1580017260
5e3e6816ff976e92724b7109|BEIJING (Reuters) - A new coronavirus that has killed 26 people in China was confirmed in Europe for the first time on Friday as it spreads despite Chinese attempts to quarantine the city at the heart of the outbreak. China closed Shanghai Disneyland and part of the Great Wall and suspended public transportation in 10 cities as it rushed to contain the virus, stranding millions of people at the start of the country’s Lunar New Year holiday. France reported two cases on Friday evening, the first ones discovered in Europe. More were likely, Health Minister Agnes Buzyn said. Wuhan, a city of 11 million where the virus was first identified, is in virtual lockdown. Nearly all flights at Wuhan’s airport have been canceled and checkpoints block the main roads leading out of town. As the city slides into isolation, pharmacies have begun to run out of supplies and hospitals have been flooded with nervous residents. The city is rushing to build a 1,000-bed hospital by Monday, state media said. Despite the lockdown, the virus is already spreading further afield. The vast majority of the cases and all of the deaths have been in China, but it has also been detected in Thailand, Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Nepal and the United States. There is no vaccine or specific treatment for the new virus. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Friday it had 63 patients under investigation, with two confirmed cases, both in people who had traveled to Wuhan. Following a congressional briefing by health officials, Republican U.S. Senator John Barrasso, a former physician, said people in the United States with the virus may have been infected up to 14 days ago in China. “We want to try to stop and prevent people from coming to the United States if they have it,” Barrasso told reporters, without providing details of how that might be accomplished . Airports around the world have stepped up screening of passengers from China. The newly identified coronavirus has created alarm because there are still many unknowns surrounding it such as how dangerous it is and how easily it spreads between people. It can cause pneumonia, which has been deadly in some cases. Symptoms include fever, difficulty breathing and coughing. Most of the fatalities have been in elderly patients, many with pre-existing medical conditions, the World Health Organization said. As of Thursday, China’s National Health Commission said there were 830 confirmed cases and 26 deaths. Most cases have been in Wuhan, where the virus is believed to have originated in a market that traded illegally in wildlife. As China scrambles to contain the outbreak, it has suspended transportation in 10 cities in the central province of Hubei, where Wuhan is located, the Hubei Daily reported. The country will take further, more targeted measures, state television reported, citing a State Council meeting on Friday. It did not give further details. “Local authorities should take more responsibility and have a stronger sense of urgency,” state broadcaster CCTV said. Week-long celebrations to welcome the Year of the Rat began on Friday, raising fears that the infection rate could accelerate as hundreds of millions of people travel to see family at home and abroad. In Wuhan, a handful of people got off a high-speed train that pulled into the city’s station on Friday but nobody boarded. “What choice do I have? It’s Chinese New Year. We have to see our family,” said a man getting off the train who gave his family name Hu. As part of the restrictions, some sections of the Great Wall near Beijing will be closed from Saturday, state media said. Beijing’s Lama Temple, where people traditionally make offerings for the new year, has closed, as have some other temples and the Forbidden City, the capital’s most famous tourist attraction . Shanghai Disneyland will close starting on Saturday. The theme park has a 100,000 daily capacity and sold out during last year’s new year holiday. Film premieres have been postponed and McDonald’s suspended business in five cities in Hubei province. “There’s so much news, so much data, every 10 minutes there’s an update, it’s frightening, especially for people like us in a severely hit area,” Lily Jin, 30, a resident of Wuhan, told Reuters by phone. The WHO said on Thursday it was a “bit too early” to designate the outbreak a public health emergency of international concern, which would require countries to step up their response. That decision could well be reassessed in coming days as the situation evolves, said Anthony Fauci, the U.S. National Institutes of Health’s top infectious disease official, adding that it was “open to question” whether shutting down travel would have a major effect. “The mass involuntary quarantine in Wuhan and its neighboring cities is counterproductive,” added Lawrence Gostin, a public health expert at Georgetown University Law School in Washington. “A lockdown of Wuhan will drive the epidemic underground, provoking fear and panic.” Some experts believe the virus is not as dangerous as the one that caused the 2002-03 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which also began in China and killed nearly 800 people, or the one that caused Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), which has killed more than 700 people since 2012. Three international research teams - using different approaches - have begun work on vaccines, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations said. Markets have been roiled this week on fears that the outbreak will curb travel and hurt economic demand. Shares in luxury goods companies have been particularly hard hit on fears of a drop in demand from China.|people, China, Wuhan, virus, Friday, cases, city, outbreak, cities, Health, state, killed, confirmed, closed, suspended, public, 10, Year, reported, lockdown|virus,suspended,confirmed,public,Friday|commission,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,disease,state,wall,nepal,city,severe,university,disneyland,health,vietnam,epidemic,beijing,france,world,singapore,united,hubei,and,lawrence,washington,japan,prevention,reuters,great,year,republican,council,middle,barrasso,temple,who,u,s,forbidden,for,lily,institutes,respiratory,east,lunar,fauci,agnes,the,jin,school,acute,law,cctv,of,mcdonald,innovations,south,new,korea,buzyn,lama,preparedness,rat,john,chinese,organization,centers,saturday,china,states,daily,gostin,national,control,georgetown,shanghai,syndrome,europe,anthony,coalition|1579855860
5e40ccf74aed7a2c27490f8d|At the end of 2019, the Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organisation (WHO) a frequency of pneumonia of unclear cause in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Already a week later, Chinese researchers identified a novel virus as the cause of the disease. It belongs to the group of Coronavires. A few days later, a group around the virologist Christian Drosten of the Berlin Charite published the first diagnostic test for the new virus, which researchers provisionally call 2019-nCoV. The test can be used to detect the virus in the laboratory. As a source of the pathogen, the Chinese authorities suspect a food market in Wuhan, where, in addition to fish and seafood, exotic animals such as snakes were sold. The market was closed and disinfected. Both the respiratory diseases Sars (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and Mers (Middle East respiratory syndrome) are caused by coronary viruses that originate in animals. During the Sars pandemic, in the years 2002 and 2003, about 8.000 people died, more than 750. The Mers virus has infected people from its discovery 2012 to the end of the year 2019 about 2.500, and every third person has died from it. Overall, however, there are several hundred types of coronavirus. Many of them affect the airways and can cause, for example, colds. In China, several thousand people are now ill, some of them, most likely pre-infected, have died of pneumonia caused by the virus. The first infections outside China were known in Thailand, Japan and South Korea. These are travellers who had previously been to Wuhan. I have 21. In January, US authorities reported the first infection in a tourist who returned from Wuhan on the 24th. The first cases in France were announced in January Yeah. In the meantime, the first cases in Germany have also been confirmed. Typical signs of infection are fever, cough and difficulty breathing. The virus can cause pneumonia that can end in death. Because it's a viral disease, antibiotics don't help. It is now clear that the virus can be transmitted from human to human. The Chinese authorities have confirmed several such transmissions after about a dozen medical personnel have been notified. Doctors assume that the virus is mainly transmitted via droplet infection. The World Health Organization, like it does on 24th. January, currently reporting that an infected person in sections 1,4 to 2,5 infects other people. If these numbers persist, the virus is less contagious than Sars and also the virus flu. The WHO recommends to observe general hygiene rules: wash your hands frequently and avoid close contact with people with respiratory diseases and wild animals. There's no way to say for sure yet. The World Health Organization shared on 28. In January, approximately one fifth of the reported cases are seriously affected by the virus, so in case of doubt intensive medical treatment is required. According to reports, the first victims were patients who had some severe pre-existing diseases. Other infectious diseases also pose a particular risk to people with pre-existing diseases, such as influenza. Coronaviruses are known to mutate, so they can change their heritage. This may lead to them becoming more dangerous to humans during an outbreak, but also to the exact opposite. The Robert Koch Institute (RKI) does not currently expect a mortality rate similar to that of the Sars outbreak.|virus, people, Chinese, diseases, authorities, Wuhan, respiratory, Sars, January, end, 2019, reported, World, Health, pneumonia, animals, died, infected, pre, infection|Sars,virus,infected,authorities,respiratory|thailand,wuhan,koch,health,sars,rki,france,world,germany,berlin,us,robert,japan,drosten,christian,institute,charite,south,korea,mers,coronavires,chinese,organization,organisation,china|1581018900
5e46a884135e9a4f6db2d6fc|SIHANOUKVILLE, Cambodia, Feb 13 (Reuters) - Cambodians voiced unease on Thursday at the arrival of a cruise ship that has been turned away by five countries in fear of the new coronavirus - despite having no suspected cases onboard. In fact, the port of Sihanoukville, a major Chinese gambling centre where some 1,455 passengers from the MS Westerdam were due to disembark after two weeks at sea is the only place in Cambodia to have recorded a case of the virus so far. “Don’t they understand the wellbeing of people in Sihanoukville?” asked food vendor Siv Muoy. “Even though they said there is no infection, we are still worried because five countries rejected the ship.” The enforced wandering of a ship full of people who aren’t suspected to have the virus has highlighted the level of fear in the region over the new form of flu that has killed more than 1,300 people, almost all of them in China. Cambodia’s agreement to accept the ship after it was turned back from Japan, Taiwan, Guam, the Philippines and Thailand was welcomed by the World Health Organization - rare foreign praise for a country more often accused of human rights abuses. “I don’t understand why the government allowed this ship to dock,” complained 32-year-old Sihanoukville taxi driver Siek Pros. Preah Sihanouk governor Kuoch Chamroeun declined to comment when asked about the concerns of people in Sihanoukville. Cambodian authorities are due to carry out health checks for the presence of the coronavirus before passengers are allowed to leave the Westerdam. The ship also has 802 crew. Buses will take passengers to Sihanoukville’s international airport as the next step on their homeward journeys. It is unclear how much time they will get to spend in Sihanoukville. “Imagine the relief you’d feel upon hearing that you’re finally going to be allowed to set foot on land after weeks at sea...then imagine the feeling when you disembark at the Sihanoukville port and see the land in question,” tweeted Lina Goldberg, author of Move to Cambodia. Sihanoukville, which has Cambodia’s only deep-water port, was carved out of the jungle in the 1960s and named after former King Norodom Sihanouk. Once a playground for Cambodia’s elite, it fell on hard times during the Khmer Rouge genocide and conflicts of the 1970s and 1980s before becoming a tranquil - if somewhat down-at-heel - stop for backpackers and other Westerners. In recent years it has been transformed. Dozens of towering hotels and casinos sprang up with Chinese investment until a ban on online gambling last year led to an exodus of tens of thousands of Chinese. Many building sites were abandoned. Provincial authorities reported last year that more than 90 percent of businesses in the city were Chinese owned. The first case of the coronavirus in Cambodia was discovered a Sihanoukville. The patient, a 60-year-old Chinese man from the epicentre of the virus in Wuhan, made a full recovery. Passengers on board the Westerdam have been subjected to regular health checks, according to Holland America, the ship operator and a unit of Miami-based Carnival Corp. Stoking fears in countries on the ship’s route has been the quarantine in Japan of the Diamond Princess cruise ship, also managed by a unit of Carnival Corp. Of the 3,700 on that vessel, 175 tested positive for the virus. (Writing by Matthew Tostevin; Editing by Neil Fullick)|ship, Sihanoukville, Cambodia, Chinese, virus, people, year, countries, coronavirus, port, passengers, Westerdam, allowed, cruise, turned, fear, suspected, gambling, due, disembark|virus,suspected,port,countries,Sihanoukville|chamroeun,taiwan,philippines,thailand,wuhan,fullick,kuoch,america,health,matthew,holland,princess,neil,siv,carnival,world,cambodians,diamond,japan,sihanouk,ms,rouge,westerners,westerdam,s,tostevin,khmer,cambodia,preah,pros,lina,cambodian,sihanoukville,goldberg,muoy,siek,based,chinese,organization,corp,china,miami,norodom,guam|1581578820
5e40ce7dc0fe4e1400def40c|"Two of the passengers returned from China by German military aircraft have been found to be infected with the Coronavirus. ""The persons concerned have recorded and isolated these findings,"" says a joint press release from the Air Force, the German Red Cross, the district and the city of Germersheim. You should be taken to the Frankfurt University Hospital today. A passenger who was examined at the Frankfurt University Hospital for the Coronavirus did not confirm his suspicion. (dpa)"|German, Coronavirus, Frankfurt, University, Hospital, passengers, returned, China, military, aircraft, found, infected, persons, concerned, recorded, isolated, findings, joint, press, release|Frankfurt,infected,found,isolated,findings|germersheim,hospital,coronavirus,german,china,university,frankfurt,force,air,red,cross|1580598000
5e3fa7757789d687c1b757bf|Tass news agency, February 3, China's first flight arrived in Pakistan on Monday after the resumption of direct flights between the two countries. This is about Geo. TV. The plane from Urumqi, China, carried 57 Pakistanis and 12 Chinese citizens. It was noted that all of these people would be tested for the virus before leaving the airport. Pakistan's civil aviation spokesman announced on February 2, Chinese authorities decided to resume direct flights with China three days after the announcement of a complete cessation of air services. In December, Chinese authorities recorded the 2019 - ncov outbreak in Wuhan, Hubei Province. In 11 million isolated industrial centers, there are thousands of foreigners, and foreign authorities are evacuating their citizens. According to the Russian Embassy, there are 341 Russians in Hubei, 183 of whom are connected with diplomats. Russian air defense system aircraft will participate in the evacuation of Russian citizens. According to the recommendation of the World Health Organization, Pakistani authorities decided not to evacuate students from Wuhan. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. Who recognizes the outbreak of international emergencies. More than 1700 people are infected in China About More than 360 people died.|China, authorities, Chinese, citizens, people, Russian, February, Pakistan, direct, flights, countries, decided, air, outbreak, Wuhan, Hubei, Tass, agency, flight, arrived|citizens,Tass,Russian,authorities,flights|world,pakistan,russia,urumqi,wuhan,tass,russians,chinese,hubei,organization,china,russian,health,geo,pakistani,pakistanis,s|1580735824
5e3fb77553e03c5f9a739288|We thank you for your interest in our products. This is for a fee. Please sign or certify) [if you have signed Central Asia], for You can read all the historical news, including Central Asia, Turkey, summary, sports, health and culture.|Central, Asia, interest, products, fee, sign, certify, signed, read, historical, including, Turkey, summary, sports, health, culture|Turkey,health,culture,read,Asia|turkey,central,asia|1580706180
5e3fa97cc7d7d06da7396f70|"Tehran, February 2 - Russian news agency. It is reported that due to the spread of coronavirus, Iran will quarantine all passengers from China. Government information portal. ""According to the order of the Ministry of health, health and education, all inbound passengers starting from China, Upon arrival in the country, it will be quarantined, ""the authorities reported on the outcome of the government meeting held on Sunday. Earlier, the Iranian authorities decided to suspend air contact with China. In addition, as a measure to prevent the spread of Colorado virus, Iranian authorities use heat exchangers at airports. Tourists who track the temperature. If the passenger is suspected, he / she must be further examined. So far, no cases of coronavirus have been recorded. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found the pathogen - Colorado virus 2019 ncov. In China, 304 people have died of coronavirus and about 14000 have been infected. About 100 people in nearly 20 countries are ill outside China About Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency."|China, authorities, reported, coronavirus, spread, passengers, health, Iranian, Colorado, virus, 2019, people, Tehran, February, Russian, agency, due, Iran, quarantine, Government|health,virus,Iran,Russian,authorities|iranian,world,wuhan,colorado,chinese,organization,china,russian,of,tehran,health,ministry,iran|1580667720
5e3f9f10c7d7d06da7396ded|"Moscow, Russian news agency February 7. According to the requirements of Russian news agency, Ru found that, The airline's activities are affected by the risk of coronavirus infection: the airline's crew work in masks, and there are many disinfection equipment on board, Special copper also appeared. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 31000 people infected in China, 636 of whom died. The representative of smart Avia said, ""every airline plane has a set of medical equipment, The order requires the steward to closely observe the passengers when the passengers feel bad and report to the crew. In addition, alcohol disinfection sprays will soon be received on hand and will be sent to passengers at their request. Urals air crew ""wearing medical masks for service activities"" 。 If passengers with infectious diseases are found, actions shall be taken according to the epidemic prevention plan: the airport service department shall inform the passengers of the illness in advance; (c) Carry out safety inspection on passengers to ensure their safety and health; The ship has a biohazard ""and points out. Vietnam Airlines Flights From China, Vietnam, Thailand, South Korea and Japan use disposable gloves and masks, All planes have a common set of preservatives: preservative napkins, gloves, masks, exactly the same in terms of the number of passenger seats and crew. In addition, instead of providing magazines, newspapers, earphones, blankets and other services, the carrier now provides one-time boxing instead of the tableware on the tray as before. Finnish Airlines provides its crew with hand and mask disinfectants, as well as disinfectants that can be used by the crew on board. The concept of flight services will be adjusted to limit contact between crew and passengers. In addition, the crew stayed overnight in China and returned immediately."|crew, passengers, masks, found, airline, China, addition, Russian, agency, activities, disinfection, equipment, board, set, medical, hand, service, safety, Vietnam, Airlines|board,crew,found,Russian,agency|urals,ru,wuhan,airlines,colorado,thailand,chinese,hubei,russian,china,japan,finnish,vietnam,south,korea,avia,moscow|1581043140
5e3e9afd76c6e08a821bd182|"According to the report, today reported that Wuhan pneumonia, frankly speaking, the epidemic is still grim and complex, Xi Jinping four degrees shouted the liberated munitions ""sniffing and moving."" The global outbreak of the new coronavirus (Wuhan pneumonia) epidemic occurred in 19 countries in the afternoon of 30, with a total of 7830 confirmed cases. The Philippines and India earlier confirmed the country's first confirmed case, respectively. According to Xinhua news agency, as the number and spread of related outbreaks continue to increase, Beijing authorities have also strengthened control efforts, hoping to ensure the health of the people in due time. Chinese President Xi Jinping issued a statement on the 29 day, fourth degree through the media, not only frankly, ""the current situation of epidemic prevention and control is still grim and complex"", but also shouted to the PLA, ""the whole army must bear in mind the purpose of the people's army under the unified command of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Central Military Commission."" The report said it was understood that this is Xi Jinping's 25 day in the Standing Committee of the Standing Committee of the Central Committee of political affairs, announced the establishment of a leading group to deal with the epidemic, and sent a steering group to Wuhan, the fourth public announcement on the epidemic of pneumonia. According to Hong Kong media, such an intensive announcement is likely to show that the internal epidemic situation is still critical. According to Xi Jinping, ""after the outbreak of pneumonia with new coronavirus infection in areas such as Wuhan, Hubei, our army resolutely implemented the decision-making and deployment of the Central Committee of the party, and promptly launched the joint defense joint control mechanism, and rushed to the first line of the epidemic prevention and control."" Xi Jinping stressed that the current situation of epidemic prevention and control is still grim and complicated. Under the unified command of the Party Central Committee and the Central Military Commission, the whole army should bear in mind the purpose of the people's army, move with orders, bravely shoulder heavy burdens, dare to fight hard battles, and actively support local epidemic prevention and control. According to Xi Jinping's instructions, ""our army is responsible for the medical treatment of Wuhan's Fire God Mountain hospital. It is a high degree of trust between the party and the people. We must strengthen organizational leadership, closely cooperate with the army and the people, persist in scientific treatment, do well in our own protection, and do nothing to fulfill our mission."" The relevant hospitals of our army should do their best to receive and treat patients, and scientific research institutions should speed up scientific research to tackle key problems and actively contribute to win the prevention and control of epidemic situation and the interdiction war. "" At present, there is no large-scale deployment of PLA to take over the prevention and control of pneumonia in Wuhan. The spread of pneumonia in Wuhan is still serious."|epidemic, control, army, Wuhan, pneumonia, Xi, Jinping, prevention, Central, Committee, people, situation, grim, confirmed, scientific, report, frankly, complex, shouted, outbreak|shouted,Committee,Jinping,pneumonia,complex|commission,philippines,wuhan,jinping,affairs,beijing,india,party,hubei,mountain,communist,fire,xinhua,pla,s,kong,standing,the,military,god,of,hong,central,committee,chinese,china,xi,political|1580399400
5e3fa8177789d687c1b75803|"Moscow, February 1. /tass/ Sergei Lavrov, Minister of foreign affairs of Russia and China, held a telephone conversation with Wang and discussed the cooperation between the two countries in the anti Russian struggle. This was mentioned in a news release released Saturday by the Ministry of foreign affairs of the Russian Federation. ""Russia appreciates the measures taken by China to control the transmission of coronavirus. The Russian Chinese cooperation in this field was discussed, ""the Russian Foreign Ministry pointed out. At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded the outbreak of 2019 ncov pneumonia virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. The World Health Organization has confirmed an international emergency in Colorado. So far, the number of patients in China has exceeded 11000. 259 people died."|China, Russian, Russia, foreign, affairs, discussed, cooperation, countries, Ministry, Chinese, 2019, Moscow, February, tass, Sergei, Lavrov, Minister, held, telephone, conversation|conversation,tass,Russian,Sergei,telephone|russia,world,wuhan,colorado,sergei,chinese,foreign,organization,affairs,china,russian,of,health,wang,lavrov,ministry,moscow|1580583586
5e3e677aff976e92724b70c1|TRENTON, Ontario (Reuters) - A small town in central Canada that is host to the country’s largest air force base is preparing, with some apprehension, for the arrival of some 200 evacuees from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of a coronavirus outbreak. Canada plans to fly the evacuees to the base in Trenton, Ontario, the country’s main military hub for air transport, and hold them in quarantine for two weeks. The outbreak has killed 492 people and sickened nearly 25,000 worldwide. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Wednesday the plane was expected to arrive on Friday. “We understand that because of SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome), they are much more prepared for things like that,” said Cindy McMaster, 55, who manages the local Bargain Bin discount store. “But it’s not fair to say people aren’t worried or scared, because they are. And it is a concern in our area.” SARS, a contagious respiratory illness, killed 44 people in Canada in 2002-2003, the only country outside Asia to report deaths from that virus. Government health officials say Canada is better prepared this time. The evacuees arriving from China will be separated from each other and from others on the base, although family units will be kept together, the government has said. They will all stay at Yukon Lodge, a new facility on the base which resembles a small chain hotel. Individuals will only be moved to a hospital if they require acute care, said the local health authority, but local hospitals were prepared, with 21 negative-pressure rooms at four of them. “I was in the military, I know how it works,” said resident Joyce Aucoin, 81. “There’s going to be people upset about it but once they’re here and once they’re settled and they see what’s going on, I think it will all pass.” Lynn Cao, 60, who owns a tobacco shop in the town, had been concerned about the plane arriving until she received reassuring emails from friends on the base . Cao said she was more anxious about her mother and sister, who live near the Chinese capital Beijing, and had sent them a large number of face masks to limit their chances of infection. Masks were already sold out at most of the town’s pharmacies, and at some, even before the airlift was announced. “It just seems like everything is so overblown,” said Frank Meiboom, president of the local rotary club. “Let’s bring these people home, bring them back to Canada and give them the best care we can and say ‘welcome home.’”|Canada, base, people, local, town, country, evacuees, prepared, Ontario, small, air, China, outbreak, military, killed, plane, SARS, acute, respiratory, health|country,health,respiratory,Canada,plane|wuhan,there,frank,ontario,cao,justin,sars,beijing,aucoin,cindy,lynn,bin,mcmaster,trenton,bargain,s,trudeau,meiboom,joyce,chinese,canadian,canada,china,asia,yukon,lodge|1580912520
5e40cec2c0fe4e1400def4e4|"Among the persons tested positive for the Coronavirus on board a cruise ship in Japan, according to the embassy in Tokyo, there are no German nationals. Ten persons of German nationality are therefore on board the ship under quarantine."" The embassy is still in direct contact with five of these passengers and with contacts on board the ""Diamond Princess"", the German embassy in Tokyo announced. According to dpa, they are doing well according to the circumstances. (dpa)"|board, embassy, German, persons, ship, Tokyo, dpa, tested, positive, Coronavirus, cruise, Japan, nationals, Ten, nationality, quarantine, direct, contact, passengers, contacts|board,embassy,Japan,nationality,quarantine|diamond,german,coronavirus,japan,princess,tokyo|1581030000
5e3e9ab976c6e08a821bd0fe|"So far, the death toll from the coronavirus epidemic in China has risen to 425, with more than 24000 confirmed infections and 349 deaths from SARS between 2002 and 2003, after the Chinese government announced 64 deaths on Tuesday February 4. For the first time, the Chinese government has acknowledged its ""shortcomings"" in dealing with the public health crisis. Second new coronaviruses died in Hongkong outside mainland China. With the stock market plummeting from China on Monday, the Chinese government, though taking different measures, was unable to stabilize the stock market volatility. China's Politburo is very rare to admit for the first time that ""there are shortcomings and difficulties in dealing with public health crises such as epidemics. The new coronavirus continues to spread and the Chinese government can hardly cope with it."|China, Chinese, government, coronavirus, deaths, time, shortcomings, dealing, public, health, stock, market, death, toll, epidemic, risen, 425, 24000, confirmed, infections|health,death,dealing,government,confirmed|hongkong,chinese,china,politburo,monday,sars,s|1580830080
5e415584cae8370994363d0a|"Macau authorities announced this Friday that a man from inside China escaped from the Conde of San January Hospital Center, where he was undergoing screening tests for the new Chinese coronavirus. ""On Thursday, 30-January, an individual from the interior of China, considered a suspicious case, escaped the surveillance to which he was subject at the Count of Saint January Hospitality Centre"", the authorities reported. ""This individual who was under police surveillance fled during the medical consultation and is now being pursued by the police"", reads in the same statement, in which it is added that ""the results of the analyses carried out for the new type of coronavirus were negative""."|January, authorities, China, escaped, coronavirus, individual, surveillance, police, Macau, announced, Friday, man, inside, Conde, San, Hospital, Center, undergoing, screening, tests|announced,authorities,San,tests,individual|center,hospital,january,chinese,count,china,saint,of,san,hospitality,centre,conde,macau|1580457420
5e4154f9cae8370994363c7a|A Brazilian woman was arrested in Rio de Janeiro after simulating an infection with the new coronavirus in order to gain priority access to medical care at a clinic, she told the local police this Saturday. The Commissioner in charge of the case explained that the 39-year-old woman went to the clinic on Friday night in Copacabana, southern Rio tourist district, claiming to have symptoms of the corona virus detected in December in Wuhan, China. To try to convince her interlocutors, Rio's resident said she had returned from Hong Kong, where she had worked as a nanny. The medical team immediately went on alert, mobilizing numerous healthcare workers for several hours. The patient was taken to an isolated room and subjected to several examinations, and the Ministry of Health was alerted as laid down by the protocol established by the health authorities. The woman was arrested by the police after her family revealed that she never left Brazil and that she doesn't even have a passport. The new coronavirus has already infected more than 34.500 people and killed 722 in mainland China. Cases in Latin America have not yet been confirmed. About three dozen Brazilians in Wuhan left China on Friday and are due to land on Sunday in An na polis, 80 kilometers from Brasilia, where they were quarantined for 18 days on a military base. In addition to the mainland of China and the Chinese regions of Macao and Hong Kong, there are cases of infection confirmed in more than twenty countries. The World Health Organisation (WHO) declared in mid-January an international public health emergency, which presupposes the adoption of worldwide prevention and coordination measures.|China, woman, Rio, arrested, infection, coronavirus, medical, clinic, police, Friday, Wuhan, Hong, Kong, Health, health, left, mainland, confirmed, Brazilian, de|health,woman,Kong,Rio,arrested|wuhan,brazilians,america,janeiro,copacabana,health,an,de,world,brasilia,s,kong,macao,rio,of,ministry,hong,latin,chinese,brazilian,china,na,organisation,brazil|1581182040
5e3fa7ad7789d687c1b757d7|"Geneva, 2 February. / Cole. Tass Constantine pritzkov When the coronavirus 2019 ncov outbreak of respiratory diseases in China, if there are symptoms of the disease, it will be more frequently transmitted from people to people; In the absence of infection, infection is rare. World Health Organization (who) Geneva Newsletter) ""According to the current data, the main factor of infection is the occurrence of symptoms."" In the absence of disease performance, the spread of disease is likely not to be the primary driver. "" ""The world organization points out that it understands that 2019-ncov may be transferred before the infected person has symptoms."" However, the infection is rare, and in the case of sneezing and coughing, the virus is more likely to spread to people with symptoms. Asymptomatic people rarely infect other coronaviruses. ""Like the coronavirus of the Middle East respiratory syndrome."" About At the end of December 2019, Chinese authorities recorded an outbreak of respiratory diseases caused by coronavirus 2019 ncov in Wuhan. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. Who recognizes the outbreak of international emergencies. So far, the total number of people infected by 2019 ncov in China has exceeded 14000, and more than 300 people have died."|people, 2019, ncov, symptoms, disease, infection, coronavirus, outbreak, respiratory, China, Geneva, diseases, absence, rare, spread, infected, February, Cole, Tass, Constantine|ncov,infected,Tass,disease,respiratory|east,world,russia,wuhan,organization,geneva,chinese,china,health,middle,pritzkov,newsletter,constantine,who|1580665296
5e41265f580f2ab8cd8a05fb|"BEIJING • The seafood market in Wuhan may not be the only source of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak, according to a Chinese pulmonary disease specialist. Dr Huang Chaolin, vice-director of Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital, revealed in a recent interview with business magazine Caixin that there might be multiple places where the virus was first transmitted to humans. Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital is one of the city's designated hospitals to admit patients infected with the new virus. Dr Huang and his team re-cently published a paper in The Lancet, the world's leading general medical journal, about some early findings from the clinical data of the first 41 novel coronavirus cases. The first patient, who was admitted to Dr Huang's hospital on Dec 1 last year, had no direct exposure to Wuhan's Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, which was previously considered the source of the epidemic, and his family had no fever or respiratory symptoms, according to the paper. Among the subsequent three patients who were admitted on Dec 10, two had no exposure to the seafood market. In total, only 27 of the 41 cases had exposure to the marketplace. ""Judging from the whole situation, the seafood market may not be the only source. (The origin of the novel coronavirus) might be multi-source,"" Dr Huang said. But no clues about other sources have been discovered. The Huanan seafood market is located in the downtown area of Wuhan city's Jianghan district, less than 1km away from the Hankou railway station in Hubei province. Besides seafood, poultry and game meat were also sold in the market before it was shut down on Jan 1. Experts at the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention had previously isolated the novel coronavirus successfully in the environmental samples collected from the market. Thirty-three of 585 samples from the market were found to contain the nucleic acid of the virus. XINHUA"|market, seafood, Wuhan, source, coronavirus, Dr, Huang, virus, exposure, Chinese, Jinyintan, Hospital, city, patients, paper, 41, cases, admitted, Dec, Huanan|Huanan,virus,seafood,admitted,exposure|wuhan,dr,market,disease,wholesale,caixin,beijing,seafood,huang,lancet,hubei,chaolin,and,prevention,jianghan,huanan,xinhua,s,for,hankou,hospital,the,centre,chinese,jinyintan,control|1580504400
5e43f55e0275a5195855e892|"As the death toll in China's novel coronavirus outbreak continues to rise, Congress's Rahul Gandhi has accused the Narendra Modi-led Centre of not taking the threat seriously. ""The coronavirus is an extremely serious threat to our people and our economy. My sense is the government is not taking this threat seriously,"" Rahul Gandhi wrote on Twitter on Wednesday. The former Congress chief also stressed the need to take timely action. However, Rahul Gandhi deleted his tweet sometime later and retweeted again with the same message. BJP IT cell head Amit Malviya responded to Rahul Gandhi's initial tweet pointing at the map Gandhi had attached with his tweet. ""Why would you repeatedly use a map which shows a mutilated J&K,"" he tweeted. In India, three cases of coronavirus have been detected so far but there has been no casualty. With the threat of novel coronavirus looming large, the Union Health Ministry earlier announced that it will stock up at least 50,000 personal protection equipment (PPE) kits for doctors and other medical staff treating the patients. The move assumed significance as there could be a spurt in the demand for PPE, which includes disposable clothing, boots, masks and gloves, in case India witnesses an outbreak of the deadly coronavirus that has claimed more than 1,000 lives in China. India is among the top 30 countries at ""high-risk"" from the spread of the deadly coronavirus, according to a study based on the number of air travellers predicted to arrive in the countries from the worst-affected cities in China."|coronavirus, Gandhi, Rahul, threat, China, tweet, India, outbreak, Congress, taking, map, 000, PPE, deadly, countries, death, toll, continues, rise, accused|death,toll,taking,tweet,Rahul|led,bjp,gandhi,narendra,health,k,twitter,india,modi,it,union,congress,rahul,s,ministry,centre,malviya,china,j,ppe,amit|1581461280
5e3e66bbff976e92724b703d|SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro has signed into law  quarantine rules for Brazilians who will be brought back from the Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicenter of a coronavirus outbreak, the Official Gazette said on Friday. Two Brazilian Air Force (FAB) planes are due to arrive in Brazil on Saturday with the evacuees - who are initially expected to number around 30, although this could change. They and the military personnel involved in the operation will be quarantined at the Anápolis airbase in Goiás for 18 days. Parliament approved the quarantine rules this week after the government decided to repatriate Brazilians following a change of position by Bolsonaro, who was initially opposed to the repatriation. According Health Ministry data provided on Thursday, Brazil has 8 suspected cases of the illness, but no confirmed cases.|Brazilian, Bolsonaro, quarantine, rules, Brazilians, Brazil, initially, change, cases, SAO, PAULO, Reuters, President, Jair, signed, law, brought, back, Chinese, city|quarantine,initially,Chinese,Brazilian,Bolsonaro|an,bolsonaro,wuhan,paulo,brazilians,chinese,brazilian,goi,polis,official,gazette,brazil,jair,force,fab,air,health,ministry,s,sao|1581061140
5e3e9ab576c6e08a821bd0f6|Wuhan huoshenshan hospital is in the charge of the Chinese army. According to the Internet, the director of Huoshen hospital is Zhang sibing, the Minister of health service of 301 General Hospital of the Chinese army, Lu Hui, the director of medical department, and Sun Yue, the director of Nursing Department of Fuzhou General Hospital. Yesterday, 8 transport planes delivered 1400 military medical personnel to Wuhan and took over the Huoshen hospital. Another temporary hospital under construction in Wuhan, leishenshan hospital, has 1300 beds and is expected to be completed and put into use in the next few days. It is expected that the two temporary hospitals will relieve the huge pressure on Wuhan hospital, but compared with the treatment needs of tens of thousands of infected people, more than 2000 beds are like a drop in the bucket. China's health and Health Commission announced on February 3 that 17205 cases of new coronavirus infection had been confirmed, far exceeding the scale of SARS infection in that year (8096 cases). Today, officials announced a total of 361 deaths, and 349 deaths in mainland China caused by super SARS.|hospital, Wuhan, director, Chinese, army, Huoshen, health, General, Hospital, medical, temporary, beds, expected, China, announced, cases, infection, SARS, deaths, huoshenshan|health,General,beds,announced,Huoshen|commission,hui,internet,wuhan,lu,department,health,sars,and,general,sun,s,huoshen,hospital,zhang,nursing,chinese,china,today,fuzhou,yue|1580734560
5e3f74ae7bccd55507ff15c8|"As the outbreak of novel coronavirus has lead to the death of more than 700 Chinese nationals, aviation regulator DGCA on Saturday said that foreigners who went to China on or after January 15 will not be allowed to enter India. The DGCA, in its circular to airlines on Saturday, reiterated that all visas issued to Chinese nationals before February 5 have been suspended. However, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) clarified, ""These visa restrictions will not apply to aircrew, who may be Chinese nationals or other foreign nationalities coming from China."" ""Foreigners who have been to China on or after January 15, 2020, are not allowed to enter India from any air, land or seaport, including Indo-Nepal, Indo-Bhutan, Indo-Bangladesh or Indo-Myanmar land borders,"" the DGCA said. Among Indian airlines, IndiGo and Air India have suspended all of their flights between the two countries. SpiceJet continues to fly on Delhi-Hong Kong route. On February 1 and 2, Air India conducted two special flights to Chinese city of Wuhan, epicentre of the outbreak, evacuating 647 Indians and seven Maldivians. Till date, three Indians have tested positive for novel coronavirus."|Chinese, DGCA, India, Indo, nationals, China, outbreak, coronavirus, Saturday, January, 15, allowed, enter, airlines, February, suspended, land, Air, flights, Indians|Indo,15,enter,flights,suspended|bangladesh,wuhan,delhi,indigo,nepal,aviation,india,dgca,general,maldivians,kong,indo,civil,of,spicejet,myanmar,indian,hong,bhutan,saturday,chinese,indians,china,directorate,air|1581197520
5e4a8f0cba08ac821c1a66ab|"China reported 105 new deaths due to the new coronavirus on Monday, pushing the overall death toll to 1,770, as officials announced stringent measures such as closing non-essential public venues and traffic restrictions to control the epidemic in the worst-hit Hubei province.  The National Health Commission said 2,048 new cases of the virus have been confirmed, taking the total number of COVID-19 infected cases to 70,548, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported. Of the new deaths, 100 were from Hubei Province, three in Henan, and two in Guangdong. Though 10,844 people had been discharged from hospitals after recovery, the commission said in its daily report said that 7,264 people were still suspected to be infected by the deadly virus. By Sunday, 57 confirmed cases including one death had been reported from Hong Kong, 10 in Macao, and 20 in Taiwan including one death. Hubei, where 18 cities with over 50 million people are under lockdown since January 23, announced a slew of more stringent measures to control the epidemic, including enforcing province-wide traffic restrictions on all non-emergency vehicles and closing all non-essential public venues. A circular by the provincial government said the health screening campaign should be strengthened and no one should be missed. Also, companies should not resume production unless allowed by local authorities. Those that have resumed work including public institutions should follow strict prevention measures. The measures came as the situation remains ""grave"", the circular added. However on Sunday, the commission announced a “significant drop” in new cases, suggesting that epidemic control measures were taking effect. ""In Wuhan, the epicentre of the epidemic, the proportion of severe cases among the confirmed cases fell from a peak of 32.4 per cent on January 28 to 21.6 per cent on February 15,"" Mi Feng, a spokesperson with the NHC, said during a media briefing. Meanwhile, a 12-member team of World Health Organisation experts began assisting their Chinese counterparts to control the virus. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said international experts were now on the ground in China to understand the outbreak and inform the next steps in the global response. Ghebreyesus also met Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi at the Munich Security Conference. He said ""given the misinformation about the novel coronavirus epidemic, WHO has communicated with some companies including Google to ensure that the public will get the authoritative information from the WHO"". He said one of the goals of the joint mission is to rapidly inform the public of the next steps and preparedness activities in China and globally. ""Particular attention will be paid to understanding the transmission of the virus, the severity of disease and the impact of ongoing response measures."" In Beijing, the NHC said the joint mission will pay field visits in China's three provincial-level regions to learn the implementation and effectiveness of the epidemic control measures. The Beijing premiere and a tour of other cities in China for the upcoming James Bond film, ""No Time To Die"", has been called off due to the coronavirus outbreak. According to Deadline, movie's lead star Daniel Craig and other cast members won't attend the April screening or the subsequent publicity tour of the country. Cinemas across the world's second-largest box office market remain shut indefinitely amid efforts to controlling the spread of the virus. The film is slated for a UK release on April 8 and in North America on April 10."|measures, epidemic, cases, China, public, control, virus, including, reported, coronavirus, death, announced, Hubei, confirmed, 10, people, April, deaths, due, stringent|death,virus,announced,confirmed,public|commission,taiwan,yi,wuhan,craig,ghebreyesus,security,america,google,adhanom,guangdong,north,health,wang,beijing,19,to,world,hubei,covid,feng,no,xinhua,who,s,time,kong,die,daniel,macao,bond,henan,uk,mi,hong,munich,chinese,china,organisation,conference,nhc,james,national,tedros,province|1581918540
5e3fa6b67789d687c1b7576c|"Tass, February 4. The aviation industry leadership meeting in Singapore airport 2020, Asia's largest international aviation exhibition, was cancelled due to the spread of 2019 ncov virus. The news is contained in a press release distributed on Tuesday. ""Singapore Airlines Aviation Management Conference 2020""（ It is reported that the civil aviation authority, air traffic control authority and airline management authority will be cancelled this year. -This will enable aviation managers, who are widely involved in developing ways to respond to new Colorado emergencies, to focus on emergencies, [within the spread of pneumonia] Meanwhile, the organizers of the air show announced that the event will be held from February 11 to 16, 2020 as scheduled, but due to the spread of coronary pneumonia, Further precautions will be taken to ensure the safety of all participants. About However, at least 16 major companies refused to participate in the air show because of pneumonia caused by coronavirus. On Tuesday, a representative of experia events, the company responsible for organizing the event, announced. Among the countries that refused to participate, China has 10 companies, including Beijing airlines, which is the largest provider of aircraft maintenance services in China, Meanwhile, COMAC clarified the organizers. In addition, Canadian manufacturers Bombardier, Gulfstream and Textron aviation will not participate in the air show. In addition, the South Korean Air Force Black Hawk flight performance team cancelled the demonstration flight, because of technical failure, the team was also forced to miss the air show in 2018. ""Organisers expect a significant reduction in the number of visitors and visitors, including due to restrictions on entry into Singapore from 1 February.]"" About the exhibition More than 55000 people are expected to participate in Singapore Airlines 2020. More than 150 people from 150 countries and regions will attend the exhibition, and at least 65 of the world's largest hundreds of defense aerospace companies will attend the exhibition. About During Singapore airport 2020, a number of forums are planned, including on Aerospace innovation. According to the tradition, every day of the exhibition, there are flying performances from different countries. For example, in 2018, pilots from Indonesia, Malaysia, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, the United States and Thailand served as senior aerobatics. At the end of December, Chinese authorities recorded an outbreak of pneumonia caused by the 2019 ncov virus in Wuhan. In addition to China, 23 countries, including Russia, have found the disease. Who recognizes the outbreak of international emergencies. The number of new coronavirus infections in China has exceeded 2040, with 426 deaths. The Philippines has another death record."|Singapore, aviation, 2020, exhibition, air, pneumonia, show, participate, countries, China, including, February, largest, cancelled, due, spread, authority, emergencies, companies, addition|participate,emergencies,cancelled,pneumonia,largest|thailand,wuhan,philippines,korean,malaysia,aviation,force,black,beijing,hawk,comac,republic,singapore,textron,aerospace,airlines,united,indonesia,bombardier,s,russia,colorado,of,management,south,korea,chinese,canadian,china,states,asia,conference,gulfstream,air|1580815798
5e414c1b7e27cd38d1b1ef3d|"Curry Cabral Hospital Director Fernando Maltez confirmed to the Express that the patient suspected of being infected with the new Coronavirus is ""currently being admitted"". The patient traveled recently from the region of China where this outbreak began yet is not confirmed the infection. According to a statement from the Health Directorate released this afternoon, the patient, returned today from China, where he has been in the city of Wuhan (Hubei province) in recent days, is under observation at the Curry Cabral Hospital in Lisbon, This is the reference hospital for these situations. Your clinical condition is stable and the results of the ongoing laboratory tests are expected to be updated."|patient, Curry, Cabral, Hospital, confirmed, China, Director, Fernando, Maltez, Express, suspected, infected, Coronavirus, admitted, traveled, recently, region, outbreak, began, infection|Fernando,infected,suspected,patient,admitted|cabral,hospital,wuhan,coronavirus,hubei,lisbon,china,health,directorate,fernando,express,curry,maltez|1579977343
5e3e6413c1ed9bdff74a3c31|"Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday called the coronavirus a ""demon"" which should be brought under control as he met the World Health Organisation chief who assured all necessary help to contain the virus outbreak that has killed 106 people and infected over 4,500 others. Under stress in dealing with the spiralling coronavirus which virtually brought the whole country to a grinding halt, Xi on Tuesday got the crucial support from WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus who said the UN health body ""does not recommend the evacuation of nationals, and called on the international community to remain calm and not overreact."" Ghebreyesus' remarks came as India and several other countries were preparing to evacuate their citizens from the Hubei province, the epicentre of the virus outbreak. China has reported 24 more deaths from coronavirus, taking the number of fatalities to 106, health authorities announced on Tuesday. A total of 4,515 cumulative confirmed cases of the new pneumonia had been reported in Hubei, while 2,567 patients are hospitalised, with 563 in severe conditions and 127 in critical conditions, the Hubei Provincial Health Commission said. Barring Tibet, all Chinese provinces have reported the virus cases, posing a major challenge for the health authorities to contain the outbreak. The virus, which emerged last month in Wuhan, has created a war-like situation in China, which analysts say is far worse than during the SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome outbreak that had claimed over 800 lives in 2003. ""Chinese people are currently engaged in a serious struggle against an epidemic of a new type of coronavirus infection,"" Xi said. ""The epidemic is a demon, and we cannot let this demon hide,"" Xi told Ghebreyesus . ""And for the Chinese government, this is something that we take very seriously, because in our view, nothing matters more than people's safety and health for us,"" Xi said. Ghebreyesus assured Xi all necessary help to contain the virus outbreak as he asked the global community to remain calm and not to overreact. From January 23, Wuhan and 17 other cities with a population over 40 million have been virtually shut with suspension of all public transport to prevent the virus from spreading to other parts of the country. The government is also mobilising thousands of doctors and medical staff including the army medics to cope up with the increasing rush of cases in which there is no definitive cure yet to treat the patients. China has full confidence and capability to win the battle against the outbreak of pneumonia caused by novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), he said. WHO's support at this juncture is crucial for China as few days ago the global health body considered an option of declaring the virus as a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC), like Ebola and Swine flu. Such designation would have had seriously dented China's image and ability as the world's second largest economy. The WHO, after a lot of discussion, termed the risk of the virus as ""very high in China, high at the regional level and high at the global level."" The virus has spread across China and to at least 16 countries globally with over 37 cases, according to the official media here. Ghebreyesus, who is visiting Beijing for talks with Chinese officials on the crisis, appreciated China's efforts in curbing the spread of pneumonia. During his meeting with Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Ghebreyesus said the WHO and the international community speak highly of and fully affirm the decisive measures China has taken . Crucially from China's point of view, he said the WHO ""does not recommend the evacuation of nationals, and called on the international community to remain calm and not overreact,"" according to state-run Xinhua news agency. The WHO chief also praised China's system and the effectiveness of its measures ""rarely seen in the world"" and are ""admirable."" Meanwhile, UN Secretary General António Guterres said the United Nations appreciates China's effort, has full confidence in China's ability to control the outbreak, and stands ready to provide any support and assistance. Guterres made the remarks after he was briefed about the virus control measures by China's Permanent Representative to the UN Zhang Jun on Monday at the UN headquarters in New York. China is also refurbishing a hospital in Beijing built during the 2003 outbreak to prepare for larger number of cases after the capital city of 20 million people reported its first death on Monday. Chinese experts say the incubation period of the new virus was on average three to seven days, with the longest being no more than 14 days. The National Health Commission said the coronavirus strain was 85 per cent similar to SARS. Talking to the media here on Tuesday, Jiao Yahui, the deputy head of the NHC's medical administration bureau, said the shortage of medical supplies was a major constraint in China's efforts to contain the virus outbreak. A risk assessment report based on the analysis of 2,744 infections recorded up to Sunday by the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention said the main route of transmission was respiratory droplets and close physical contact. ""It is very difficult to estimate when the outbreak reaches its peak. But I think in one week or about 10 days, it will reach the climax and then there will be no large-scale increases,"" respiratory expert Zhong Nanshan told official media."|China, virus, outbreak, Chinese, Xi, coronavirus, Ghebreyesus, health, cases, Tuesday, Health, people, community, reported, days, called, demon, control, support, international|health,virus,demon,days,international|commission,yi,wuhan,disease,ghebreyesus,nations,jinping,adhanom,health,nanshan,wang,un,sars,beijing,zhong,world,india,united,york,emergency,hubei,guterres,and,prevention,xinhua,who,international,s,for,tibet,jiao,ant,zhang,concern,of,ebola,provincial,centre,new,yahui,public,chinese,organisation,china,xi,jun,nhc,national,control,nio,tedros,barring|1580235660
5e43fafb5f23719b6c6f63fd|SHANGHAI, Feb 12 (Reuters) - The Formula One Chinese Grand Prix will not take place as scheduled on April 19 due to the outbreak of the coronavirus, The Times and other media outlets reported on Wednesday. The flu-like virus has killed over 1,100 people and infected more than 44,000 in China after it first emerged in Wuhan late last year. Motor racing’s governing body, the FIA, has said it was closely monitoring the situation in China, with the race at the Shanghai International Circuit slotted in as the fourth round of the 2020 season. The Times also reported that an official announcement was expected later on Wednesday as discussions continued over whether to postpone the race or cancel it altogether. With a record 22 races scheduled for the 2020 season it would be difficult to slot a race in China back in at a later date. The absence of the Chinese event would leave a four-week gap between the Vietnamese Grand Prix on April 5 and the Dutch Grand Prix on May 3. A host of international sporting events have been cancelled due to coronavirus, including the all-electric Formula E motor racing series that abandoned plans for a race in the Chinese city of Sanya next month. (Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford )|race, Chinese, Grand, Prix, China, Formula, scheduled, April, due, coronavirus, reported, Wednesday, racing, 2020, season, SHANGHAI, Feb, 12, Reuters, place|season,SHANGHAI,race,12,Wednesday|wuhan,vietnamese,peter,prix,hardik,vyas,formula,international,rutherford,times,e,the,bengaluru,grand,dutch,circuit,chinese,one,sanya,china,fia,shanghai|1581492900
5e3fa82b7789d687c1b7580d|"Beijing, February 1. /tass/ The Russian Embassy in China has suggested that Russians should not go to China in the near future without emergency after the outbreak of pneumonia caused by the 2019 ncov virus. This was mentioned in a statement on the website of the diplomatic corps on Saturday. ""As of February 1, 2020, Russian and Chinese airlines have suspended regular airliner transportation, including commercial airliner transportation, From the Russian Federation to the people's Republic of China, and in the opposite direction. In addition, there are regular flights to and from Moscow Beijing, Moscow Shanghai, Moscow Guangzhou and Moscow Hong Kong. ""If you have not yet flown from the Russian Federation to China, we strongly recommend that you do not do so without absolute necessity."" As stated in the statement, the flight schedule may change due to the change of Russian Airlines' flights from regular to charter. At the same time, it stressed that the embassy will provide help to the Russians who are staying in China in an emergency."|Russian, China, Moscow, regular, Beijing, February, Russians, emergency, statement, airliner, transportation, Federation, flights, change, tass, Embassy, suggested, future, outbreak, pneumonia|tass,Russian,Russians,airliner,Federation|kong,republic,federation,russians,airlines,chinese,china,russian,guangzhou,of,shanghai,beijing,hong,moscow|1580579517
5e3fad4b7789d687c1b75a03|"Tass, 21 January. Indian authorities have announced increased controls at the Calcutta International Airport in the eastern part of the country to deal with the risk of the spread of pneumonia, It was triggered by a new coronavirus 2019 ncov found in China. The times of India reported on Tuesday. ""We have designated a special area for passengers and crew from China,"" said airport director Kosik batacharji. We asked them to use a scanner to detect a person's temperature rise. If fever is found, they will be sent to an infectious disease hospital. "" He said airport authorities had not found signs of a new type of pneumonia among the arrivals. On December 31, Chinese authorities informed the world health organization that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. On January 7, Chinese experts discovered the pathogen of a disease - Colorado virus 2019 ncov. To date, 224 cases and 4 deaths have been reported nationwide."|authorities, pneumonia, found, China, January, 2019, ncov, reported, airport, disease, Chinese, Tass, 21, Indian, announced, increased, controls, Calcutta, International, Airport|International,ncov,found,pneumonia,authorities|airport,india,wuhan,tass,colorado,chinese,china,kosik,calcutta,international,indian|1579615175
5e40ce84c0fe4e1400def421|"First there was Pichelsteiner stew, then came the happy news. None of the 120-Chinese returning to quarantine in the Palatinate Germersheim can currently demonstrate the corona virus, as a current investigation shows. However, the men, women and children must not leave the fenced-off block 4 in the Federal Army barracks for the time being. Around 14 days their isolation lasts, almost half is now probably over. More returnees from China could be quarantined at the weekend: according to the Foreign Office, the Federal Government wants to bring back more German citizens and their relatives from Wuhan. There are ""individuals"" in Wuhan who did not report to the airport until after the return flight last Saturday or had not made it to the airport in time, the German Press Agency's Foreign Office confirmed. ""We are working hard to make it possible for these people to leave as well."" Perhaps they can travel with a larger group of British people. They are to be quarantined according to ""Mirrors"" in a clinic in Berlin-Copenhagen. Meanwhile, in the barracks of Germersheim, people are settling in as well as they can. ""The atmosphere among the returnees is good overall,"" says the Germersheimer Landrat Fritz Brechtel (CDU). 128 rooms are available for returnees in the new block. They are rather small rooms with table and bunk bed as well as fridge, TV and bathroom. Those who want to smoke or stand up for themselves can do so on a fenced area around the block. The returnees are not alone: Around 20 maintainers of the German Red Cross (DRC) have voluntarily been quarantined. In the building with the painted number 4 clear rules apply Yeah. It is night between midnight and six in the morning, and at least three times a day the mouthguard is to be changed, it is said in an outlet. Shake hands is prohibited in principle. In many places, hand sanitizers hang. Fever is measured daily and a doctor regularly inquires about the well-being of returnees. They had landed on a special machine in Frankfurt on Saturday. Two passengers were identified with the Coronavirus and arrived at the Frankfurt University Hospital. One who knows how to survive irritation and time in quarantine is Oliver Knickel. 2009 simulated a flight to Mars with five men for ten days. ""Most of all, you miss the little things of everyday life, such as good conversations, friends or hobbies,"" he says. Complaining about the situation, but not helping. ""You should set yourself some tasks and goals every day and establish a regular daily routine even without external constraints,"" Knckel advises. ""And one should consider what to do when the time is over. We know that anticipation is the best joy."" In the Germersheimer barracks, a kiosk in the quarantine block offers drinks and small snacks. For reasons of hygiene, returnees should eat in their rooms. Two weeks in a building on a fenced area: Isn't there a danger of warehouses? ""We are doing everything we can to prevent this happening,"" says Kai Kranich of the DRC. Among other things, there is psychological support. In order to avoid boredom, the returnees are also offered books. (dpa)"|returnees, block, time, quarantine, fenced, barracks, quarantined, German, people, rooms, Germersheim, men, leave, Federal, days, Foreign, Office, Wuhan, airport, flight|returnees,quarantine,Germersheim,days,Office|germersheim,wuhan,press,germersheimer,knckel,cdu,office,university,frankfurt,knickel,army,pichelsteiner,berlin,coronavirus,fritz,federal,kranich,agency,government,s,cross,british,hospital,kai,landrat,brechtel,palatinate,mars,120,german,chinese,foreign,oliver,china,copenhagen,red,drc|1581030000
5e3e653aa6201cadba7c8073|"Vice-President Venkaiah Naidu on Friday congratulated the Air India team that evacuated around 600 Indians from Wuhan, the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak. ""Many compliments to the 34-member Team Air INDIA for flying into #coronavirus-hit Wuhan city & evacuating more than 600 Indians onboard two special flights,"" he tweeted. The two special flights carrying as many as 647 Indians and 7 Maldivians had reached New Delhi on Saturday and Sunday. The team led by Air India's Director of Operations Captain Amitabh Singh included 30 cabin crew, eight pilots, 10 commercial staff of Air India and one senior officer from AI CMD Secretariat."|Air, India, Indians, team, 600, Wuhan, coronavirus, special, flights, Vice, President, Venkaiah, Naidu, Friday, congratulated, evacuated, epicentre, outbreak, compliments, 34|flights,Venkaiah,Naidu,special,epicentre|ai,team,india,new,wuhan,venkaiah,delhi,naidu,indians,cmd,air,maldivians,amitabh,singh,s|1581056520
5e3fa65f7789d687c1b7574f|Beijing, February 5. /tass/ Police in southern China's Guangdong Province arrested 114 suspects, Under the background of pneumonia caused by new coronavirus in China The provincial Ministry of Public Security announced the incident on Wednesday. In the special activity launched on January 27 this year, Guangdong public security organs cracked 334 cases of fraud, with a total amount of about 6.96 million yuan (about 5724 million yuan) (thousands of people) Most crimes involve the sale of protective masks at a high price, In addition, in the event of an outbreak of disease, a charity fund-raising program is organized. According to the latest data, there are more than 24300 cases of pneumonia caused by 2019 ncov virus in China. More than 900 people have been treated.|China, Guangdong, pneumonia, caused, cases, million, yuan, people, Beijing, February, tass, Police, southern, Province, arrested, 114, suspects, background, coronavirus, provincial|provincial,pneumonia,arrested,Guangdong,caused|security,china,guangdong,of,ministry,s,beijing,province,public|1580917306
5e414c077e27cd38d1b1ef0c|Sign Offsets in Soundcloud Sign Offset on iTunes If you use Android, simply search Irritations in your podcast application If you prefer to see Irritations in full video, just click here|Sign, Irritations, Offsets, Soundcloud, Offset, iTunes, Android, simply, search, podcast, application, prefer, full, video, click|Soundcloud,Offset,search,application,video||1580514048
5e412688580f2ab8cd8a0640|HONG KONG • Macau's first confirmed case of the Wuhan virus involves a 52-year-old Wuhan businesswoman who reported to hospital on Tuesday, the Chinese territory's Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture Ao Leong Lu, vice-chairman of a committee set up to respond to the virus, said yesterday. The woman took a high-speed train to the Chinese city of Zhuhai on Sunday, and then a shuttle bus to Macau. She had dinner with two friends, then went to a hotel and spent a long time in casinos. She was in a stable condition in an isolation ward in hospital. Meanwhile, the authorities announced that all staff in the city's bustling casinos had been ordered to wear face masks. REUTERS HONG KONG • Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific Airways will allow all crew members and front-line employees to wear surgical masks due to concerns over a new coronavirus, and said passengers to and from Wuhan could change or cancel flights for free through Feb 15. The airline had said earlier that only cabin crew operating mainland China flights could wear masks, in response to the airline's flight attendants calling for permission to wear masks on all flights globally as cases have also been confirmed in the United States, Thailand, South Korea, Japan and Taiwan. REUTERS SYDNEY • Tests have found that a man suspected of contracting a Sars-like disease while visiting China does not have the new coronavirus, Australian health officials said yesterday. The man was temporarily held in isolation at his Brisbane home after returning from the central Chinese city of Wuhan suffering a respiratory illness. A Queensland Health spokesman said laboratory tests showed the man had not been infected with the new virus . AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE TAIPEI • Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen called on China yesterday to share correct information about a new coronavirus and for the World Health Organisation (WHO) not to exclude Taiwan from collaboration on the outbreak for political reasons. Taiwan is not a member of the WHO due to the objection of China, which considers the island a Chinese province with no right to participate in international organisations unless it accepts it is part of China. The deputy head of China's National Health Commission, Mr Li Bin, told reporters in Beijing earlier that experts from Taiwan had been invited to visit Wuhan, and the island was being provided with information. REUTERS SEOUL • North Korea has temporarily closed its borders to foreign tourists, two major operators of tours to the isolated country said, in an apparent effort to seal itself off from the new virus. The Beijing-based Koryo Tours said yesterday that it received word from its partners in North Korea that the country's borders were closed. Young Pioneer Tours, another group that organises trips to North Korea, had earlier said on Twitter that the temporary closures took effect yesterday. BLOOMBERG HAKONE • A Japanese confectionery shop in the popular hot spring town of Hakone has incurred the wrath of the Chinese for putting up a sign containing offensive content to ban Chinese tourists amid a global virus outbreak originating from China. The owner of the shop in an onsen resort in the popular Yumoto district in Kanagawa prefecture told reporters he had put up the sign last Friday, one day after Japan announced its first case of infection of the novel coronavirus, called 2019-nCoV, the Asahi Shimbun news site reported. On the Chinese Twitter-like platform Weibo, netizens are calling for a boycott of the store.|Chinese, China, Wuhan, virus, Taiwan, wear, masks, coronavirus, Korea, city, REUTERS, flights, earlier, man, Health, North, HONG, KONG, Macau, confirmed|virus,flights,earlier,HONG,wear|commission,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,hakone,lu,airways,north,health,australian,twitter,sars,kanagawa,beijing,sydney,wen,france,world,united,agence,li,bin,japan,reuters,japanese,weibo,asahi,who,s,kong,tours,queensland,tsai,koryo,cathay,ao,ing,south,korea,macau,hong,brisbane,shimbun,based,pioneer,presse,chinese,leong,china,states,like,organisation,seoul,zhuhai,pacific,national,yumoto,bloomberg,young|1579726800
5e3fa3ddc7d7d06da7396ef2|Moscow, February 3 - Russian news agency. Canadian health minister Patti hydu announced at a press conference on CTV News that Canadians evacuated from China would be quarantined for two weeks. According to Hyde, the evacuated Canadians will be sent to a military base in Trenton, Ontario, where they will be quarantined for 14 days. During this period, they will not only get the help of doctors, but also social workers and psychologists. If the evacuated Canadians have any symptoms, they will be quarantined and sent to a local hospital for treatment. Earlier, Canadian Foreign Minister Francois Philippe champagne announced that 304 Canadians were waiting to evacuate from Wuhan, China, which has become the new Colorado virus transmission center. He said the Canadian government had prepared a plane to evacuate its citizens, but was still waiting for Chinese authorities to allow him to land. Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization on December 31, 2019 that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts identified the cause of the Colorado virus About More than 17200 people were infected with coronavirus in China, and 361 died. Nearly 150 other people are ill outside China, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency.|China, Canadians, Canadian, evacuated, quarantined, announced, waiting, evacuate, Wuhan, Colorado, virus, Chinese, authorities, people, Moscow, February, Russian, agency, health, minister|waiting,virus,health,announced,authorities|canadians,world,wuhan,ctv,patti,hyde,canadian,news,philippe,russian,china,ontario,colorado,chinese,trenton,hydu,health,organization,moscow,francois|1580758620
5e3e6699ff976e92724b7003|(Adds details, comments from health official) BANGKOK, Feb 8 (Reuters) - Thailand’s public health ministry reported seven new cases of the coronavirus on Saturday, including three Thais and four Chinese. The new cases brought the total reported in the country to 32, among the world’s highest number of infections outside of China. “The seven new cases are all in hospital,” said Suwannachai Wattanayingcharoenchai, director-general of the Disease Control Department. One of the Thai cases was part of the group of 138 evacuated from China’s coronavirus epicentre of Wuhan on Tuesday, Suwannachai told reporters. The other two Thais had exposure to tourists, he said. Among the four Chinese, three are members of the families of previously reported cases, while the other is a tourist from a “risky area” in China, said Suwannachai. Among the 32 cases Thailand has reported so far, 23 are Chinese while nine are Thais. As of Saturday, one more patient was allowed to go home, bringing the count of discharges to 10, said Suwannachai. Twenty-two other patients remain in hospital, he said. (Reporting by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)|cases, reported, Suwannachai, Thais, Chinese, China, health, Thailand, coronavirus, Saturday, 32, hospital, Adds, details, comments, official, BANGKOK, Feb, Reuters, public|health,32,details,comments,Thailand|thais,bangkok,thailand,disease,wuhan,thai,chinese,wattanayingcharoenchai,tanakasempipat,patpicha,china,suwannachai,department,kenneth,maxwell,control,s|1581143700
5e3f9f64c7d7d06da7396e06|"Yekaterinburg, Russian news agency 6. Experts in Sverdlovsk state autopsied 19 returnees from China who showed signs of ozone depleting substances within 14 days of their arrival. The survey was negative, the Russian consumer protection agency reported Thursday. According to the Ministry of health, the incidence of ODS, including coronavirus infection, is monitored daily in the region. Between February 3 and 5, the state registered 26815 cases of acute respiratory infection, Last Monday to Wednesday was 31% and 16% lower than the same period last year. In Yekaterinburg, 11726 cases of ozone depleting substances have been recorded over the past three days, with an incidence 24% higher than last week. From February 3 to 5, 2020, 565 cases of pneumonia were registered in the state, 5% lower than the same period in 2019. Prevention of coronavirus infection continues, including at the coltsovo International Airport crossing point. "" About Double hot visa checks were carried out on all aircraft from the diseased country and passengers were investigated. An algorithm for medical staff to act in the event of suspected coronavirus infection has been developed, the authority confirmed. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 28000 infections in China, 563 of which have died."|infection, state, coronavirus, cases, Yekaterinburg, Russian, agency, Experts, China, ozone, depleting, substances, days, reported, incidence, including, February, registered, lower, period|substances,Russian,days,agency,Experts|wuhan,colorado,chinese,hubei,china,russian,yekaterinburg,of,ministry,sverdlovsk|1580986500
5e3e9a9a76c6e08a821bd0ba|"According to the introduction: radcivir is a new experimental broad-spectrum antiviral drug developed by Gilead science company of the United States, which is believed to effectively inhibit the replication of SARS virus and mers virus in respiratory epithelial cells. Although the drug is still in phase III clinical trials against the Ebola virus, the latest news shows that the drug takes effect immediately after being used in a patient infected with ""Wuhan pneumonia"" in the United States. The news came out that the Wuhan virus Institute immediately applied for patent for Reed's new version of the 2019 coronavirus. In addition, 270 samples of the drug were sent to Beijing China Japan Friendship Hospital for clinical trial of ""Wuhan pneumonia"" patients. On Tuesday, the official website of the Wuhan Institute of Virology said that they had applied for a Chinese invention patent for the U.S. new drug readcivir, which had not been officially used yet, as early as January 21, while the day before January 21, the Chinese official just officially announced that Wuhan pneumonia is a serious human to human infectious disease. That is to say, the research on the efficacy of ridacivir by Wuhan Virus Research Institute has been carried out long before that. When Wu Han was ignorant and ignorant that he was at risk of infection, Wuhan's top Chinese Academy of Sciences Virus Research Institute had discovered an effective drug against new official coronavirus without official name. Sure enough, Wuhan Virus Research Institute is not only mysterious, but also really awesome. Maybe it is really ahead of the virus. But this is where people's fear is now, and it also deepens the worries about the source of various viruses. Many people know that Wuhan Virus Research Institute is the highest level Virus Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, but they do not understand why in the process of the spread of Wuhan pneumonia virus, this institution is extremely low-key. Wuhan's mountains and rivers support this institution for virus research, but Wuhan people have become the biggest victims of the virus. After the outbreak was announced, many factors promoted the Wuhan Virus Research Institute, which was hidden in the boudoir, to the public, but it was still covered with mystery. As for the rush to register and use patents, Wuhan Virus Research Institute may be motivated to show that it wants to contribute to the country, but it is puzzling because of the use of the term ""invention patent"". According to Free Asia report, the news ignited public opinion, and netizens left messages to discuss 。 Some netizens said, ""do you know who has seized the treatment patent of"" ridacivir ""in China? Wuhan Virus Research Institute, together with military units, on January 21, rushed to ""use ridacivir to treat 2019 new coronavirus patent"", and spread the rights and interests to the world through international agreements. What kind of operation is this? "" Some netizens also pointed out that ""free drugs from the United States have been patented by Wuhan Virus Research Institute!""! American free open molecular structure, to China's treatment of pneumonia medicine radcivir by the virus by the brand, Americans completely ignorant of it! Let's see how the snake killed the farmer! "" Netizens criticized and said, ""it's shameless! Take what others give painstakingly and selflessly, change it a little, and then become your own thing, and register for patent to make a lot of money. "" ""This is the most shameless thing in the world! We don't try our best to do real work for the anti epidemic situation. We really spend a lot of time on opportunism, striving for fame and wealth for ourselves, and stealing other people's achievements! It's disgusting! "" ""People all over the world know the fact that the Communist Party is not afraid that the whole world will be besieged and beaten when it plays with hooligans like this?"" Ren Zhao, a Zhengzhou lawmaker, sent an open letter to Wuhan Virus Research Institute on Wednesday, urging it to disclose details of the virus research process. He said that many people had reported the management confusion of Wuhan Virus Research Institute of Chinese Academy of Sciences under their real names, and then deleted the post. The licensing application includes the details of virus preservation and access to the Institute from 2019 to 2020, the details of research and development of coronavirus in the Institute, the detailed documents of research and development process and patent application of radcivir, and the research direction, published papers and detailed resumes of Professor Shi Zhengli in the Institute. About the source of the new crown pneumonia virus in Wuhan, Chinese officials have cited the source of the virus to the Southern China seafood wholesale market in Wuhan. But Indian researchers recently published a paper saying that four inserts of the new coronavirus were similar to HIV, and they suspected that the outbreak in China was related to the leakage of samples from Wuhan virus Institute. On February 4, Xu Bo, chairman of the mainland's Duoyi network, tweeted that his real name had reliable evidence as a clue to report to Wuhan Virus Research Institute. Xu Bo cited some basic facts, and attached several evidence links such as ""paper published by Shi Zhengli of Wuhan Virus Research Institute"". Xu Bo said that because the epidemic prevention is of great importance, it is suspected that Wuhan Virus Research Institute has mismanaged the experimental animals, causing the outflow of experimental animals, leading to the 2019 new coronavirus epidemic 。 He also stressed, ""I clearly believe that the genetically modified virus developed by Shi Zhengli in 2015 is different from the new coronavirus in Wuhan, but there must be a large number of other similar viruses in his laboratory, and then there must be further research on similar viruses, which is the truth that should be investigated."" The White House's chief strategist, ban Nong, said on Monday (February 3rd) that the Chinese Communist Party lied about everything. If the new coronavirus was found to be artificially synthesized, the Communist Party of China would be finished."|Wuhan, Institute, virus, Virus, Research, coronavirus, patent, Chinese, research, drug, pneumonia, China, people, 2019, official, world, radcivir, experimental, United, States|Research,virus,research,pneumonia,world|han,wuhan,gilead,zhengli,bo,netizens,white,hiv,sars,southern,beijing,academy,united,americans,shi,duoyi,party,reed,japan,communist,wu,house,u,s,zhao,institute,hospital,virus,the,american,of,research,ebola,ren,xu,free,indian,virology,chinese,sciences,china,states,asia,nong,zhengzhou,friendship|1580944440
5e4155c4cae8370994363d7a|It's customary for people to like paper if it's valuable and especially if it's notes. It already seems strange to ask for photocopies, but in cases of persistent use it is a code for the same paper money. Nasty, no doubt, is someone chewing paper like Jesus the football coach, chewing gum and, even more bizarre, swallowing it like it delights in truffle flavor. To access all day exclusive CMs 10.02.2020 enter your mobile number and click OK A notification will be sent to your cell phone. Accept transaction in your MB WAY application. Okay. More information on this service Number valid only for Portugal. Cost of calling EUR 0.60+ VAT Learn more about other payment methods Exclusive If you subscribe login Digital Signature Access to e-paper, all proprietary contents of the website on pc, tablet and smarphone Sign already 1 month/1 EUR To read this and all today's EXCLUSIVE on the website for 0.60 EUR+ VAT Get your access code with a simple phone call or USE O|paper, EUR, code, chewing, access, phone, 0.60, VAT, website, customary, people, valuable, notes, strange, photocopies, cases, persistent, money, Nasty, doubt|code,Nasty,photocopies,notes,money|portugal,jesus|1580776200
5e3f9f07c7d7d06da7396dec|Tokyo, February 6. Japan intends to prevent foreigners from entering Japan on a Western cruise ship from Hong Kong, which may carry new Colorado virus infected people. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday According to NHK TV, the head of the Japanese government announced at the next meeting of the chief of staff of the anti corona proliferation measures, The ban will take effect on 7 February and will apply to all other similar cases in the future. At the same time, another diamond princes cruise ship was parked near Yokohama port in Japan, where about 370 passengers and crew members, including crew members, were trapped due to isolation. 24 Russian citizens. At least 20 people have been infected with a dangerous pneumonia virus from the ship. The third world sleepwalker was also blocked in Hong Kong for fear of the spread of the Colorado virus. A ship set sail from Qatar, Guangzhou on January 24. It is reported that three passengers of the plane were diagnosed with a new coronavirus during their journey from January 19 to 24, There were 4000 people with them About According to the original route, the world dream will stop at Taiwan's port on Wednesday morning, but authorities on the island have banned an airliner from entering Kaohsiung port in the southwest of the island. He was transferred to Hong Kong. Experts from the health care center have arrived on the airliner to inspect each of about 1800 people on board. On December 31, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. There are more than 28000 infections in China, 563 of which have died.|ship, virus, people, Japan, Hong, Kong, Colorado, port, 24, February, entering, cruise, infected, Japanese, passengers, crew, members, pneumonia, world, January|virus,infected,Japan,Kong,crew|taiwan,wuhan,yokohama,russian,hubei,japan,guangzhou,abe,japanese,shinzo,tokyo,s,kong,colorado,western,qatar,hong,chinese,china,kaohsiung,nhk|1580991780
5e3d04c9588ee0052ab34bd0|"There's a new virus in the world, and the question we all ask is the same: when I come near us? The nCoV (acronym for ""new coronavirus"") was born thousands of kilometers of Latin America, a region remote: no city of the continent is among those that receive more visits from the Chinese provinces affected by a detailed study. And yet, Google searches on ""coronavirus"" have soared in recent days. In all cases, the alarm is for a suspected case. Media and audience are (are) to hunt for the Latin American patient zero of the nCoV. We have already had several discards: one in the Tamaulipas border, another in Cali, another in northern Argentina, several in Brazil under study right now. Chances are that this case comes, sooner or later. Everything moves so fast that it is possible that when you read these lines already have among the owners of the newspaper. But what do you mean exactly? What it will mean for the region that have imported a respiratory virus still poorly understood? Our brain perceives better define the risks if dramatically. We need a character (the disease) and a drastic change in the course of events (daily routine) to alert ourselves. But rare disease sometimes behaves under this Hollywood script, however much we try hard to put it into the story. Take, for example, the influenza epidemic (swine) born in Mexico in April 2009. From week to week, the attention of the country (and the world) was overturned on four characters: H1N1. A sense of urgency was quickly caught, as if moved by electrical impulses, reflected for example in relevant Google searches. But the evolution of the epidemic was substantially more gradual. What's more: slowly, the scientific teams were distilling the real impact addition of the virus, imposing parallel containment measures and necessary response. In the end, it was a contagious disease, yes, and amazingly dangerous for younger (when flu tends to affect especially those over 65). But I did not mean catastrophe in mortality our minds wanted to dramatize: according to an estimate by the Center for Disease Control in the US, H1N1 killed about the same people as seasonal flu, staying below other pandemics last. Our brain, however, remains committed to find dramas and is in the seemingly cold numbers. One of these figures, which has captured the attention of the audience on social networks on the nCoV, is known as R0: the average people who become infected from another already infected with a disease. We had just a few weeks when several epidemiologists epidemic drew their estimates. Some clung to the highest figures, once again sounding the alarm messages from the ""contagious coronavirus each affected by three people"" style. But the truth is that these estimates were considerably variables. They always are: even with well-known diseases, the value of the R0 varies greatly according to the study. It's just normal; to the end and Cape, a disease can behave very differently depending on the social context in which it develops. Not be the same a viral outbreak in a place without hygienic conditions and high population density, which in a sparsely populated rural area. That is why even the most contagious diseases, such as measles, offer wide ranges greatly contagion. Also, do not forget that averages can be misleading: if it turns out that the value of contagion from the nCoV in China is 2, this figure is so compatible with the idea of ​​a thousand infected transmitting the virus to two people each, as the extreme scenario ten ""super-contagiadores"" affecting fifty people each one (because their work puts them in contact with many people, because there was still no insulation, or for other reasons) and other ninety-nine that contaminates less than one person per capita. While the first scenario would ensure an exponential spread in the second control of the virus it would be much easier once one identifies the conditions that favor the massive transmission. Between these two extremes there is a whole world of possibilities we do not know, and that will determine when and how will the nCoV Latin America. Actually, what these numbers tell us is that uncertainty is an unavoidable aspect when we speak of epidemics. The drama is in fact a way to reduce it: if we have a clearly identifiable enemy, fear becomes certainty. But this same bias is what makes us belittle or ignore those risks to which we have become accustomed. Even when they are suffering a worrying rise. Let's talk, for example, the mentioned measles. In 2016 there were fewer than a hundred cases in the Americas. Two years later the figure had increased one hundred sixty: 16,000, recorded by WHO, mostly located in Brazil. Sao Paulo in 2019 recorded the first death from the disease in two decades. The lack of coverage of full and effective vaccination was the main cause. Malaria infected by mosquitoes in tropical areas, is otherwise return an adversary who never left the whole. But here the weight of the upturn corresponds to Venezuela, which captured more than half of the total cases in 2017. Interestingly, although both diseases have disproportionately drawn attention in the respective countries during the last half of 2019, both in Brazil and Venezuela look (measured by Google searches) turned quickly to the coronavirus in early 2020, confirming that nothing beats a good, new story of fear and uncertainty. Thus, although follow our attention different logics, while certain diseases are greatly diminished or almost disappeared in the region (cholera is a good example of success), others remain with similar figures (tuberculosis: about 280,000 cases throughout the American continent year after year throughout the XXI century), as referenced above, even recover lost ground. When looking for causes, no simple answers. The mosquito-borne diseases are a good example. Several Venezuelan doctors on the ground have complained about the lack of fumigations led by the state that once served to decimate malaria. But spraying is not everything: as asked in its editorial of March 2016 the Journal of the National Institute of Health of Colombia, of the Zika (another virus infected bites) in Colombia and Brazil, do you really how cash is fumigated in places that do not meet sanitation (water, garbage collection) minimum? The director of the Institute for Health and Environment at the University of El Bosque, Victor Olano, pointing at a later issue of the same publication the need to ensure these minimum coverage in rural areas as a first line of fire against another disease still present on the continent : yellow fever. A similar reflection we can make in your day with nCoV: although it is likely that all the media attention focuses on the design of new drugs, measures basic control proliferation (early identification of cases with corresponding insulation) and maintenance healthy immune systems are the most effective strategies, but less spectacular. Similarly, the best way to prevent such epidemics flourish is to implement hygiene protocols in the treatment of animals by humans, something that the public authorities also have much to say and do. The war against epidemics is not ultimately a matter of a single dramatic battle for the fate of mankind. It is neither the nCoV, as it was not the H1N1 (which, although diminished, still with us). The moral is that, as the disseminator Swedish doctor Hans Rosling said, we must tame our thirst for drama and refocusing attention, effort, dedication to what can actually have a positive impact. In the case of infectious diseases, vaccines, protocols and sanitation infrastructure, research and response mechanisms exist internationally are our best allies. While the first two points are what will help us fight diseases already known, research and supra-state capabilities are particularly crucial when we are facing a new disease. Recognizing this, the World Health Organization agreed international regulatory framework of reference in 2005 to ensure commitment to common standards in the region and throughout the world. Every year, the WHO itself measures the degree of implementation of regulations in each country. Although there are obvious differences in the region it is considerable agreement. There are some worrying points in regard to preparation, and some countries are conspicuously behind the rest. It is also important to note that these WHO figures do not measure the quality or the actual state of health systems in the field. Something that, for example, Venezuela would score well below the rest given the damage to its facilities with the crisis of recent years. All these data indicate that, on paper, the continent has many of the tools of governance needed to face a new epidemic. Now, to know what their exact translation into reality can only hope."|disease, nCoV, diseases, virus, attention, people, region, cases, infected, world, coronavirus, continent, Brazil, epidemic, figures, Latin, study, Google, searches, case|attention,virus,infected,study,Google|zika,mexico,disease,america,google,r0,journal,hans,another,university,health,colombia,swedish,bosque,cali,world,victor,and,olano,who,tamaulipas,sao,for,institute,h1n1,paulo,the,venezuelan,hollywood,environment,american,of,rosling,venezuela,latin,argentina,center,chinese,organization,ncov,china,brazil,national,control,el,americas|1580569596
5e41558acae8370994363d1b|"The governor of the Chinese province of Hubei, from which the new coronavirus that killed 170 people originated, reported today ""serious shortage"" of medical means to deal with the outbreak. According to CCTV, Wang Xiaodong highlighted the gravity of the outbreak in Huanggang, the second city of Hubei to be quarantined after Wuhan, the provincial capital. About seven,5 million inhabitants, Huanggang is a hundred miles from Wuhan, and has reported 496 cases of pneumonia caused by coronavirus and 12 deaths."|Hubei, coronavirus, reported, outbreak, Huanggang, Wuhan, governor, Chinese, province, killed, 170, people, originated, shortage, medical, means, deal, CCTV, Wang, Xiaodong|province,Chinese,CCTV,Huanggang,Hubei|wuhan,huanggang,chinese,hubei,cctv,xiaodong,wang|1580368080
5e3fabc27789d687c1b75975|"Beijing, January 26. / Cole. Andre kirilov, tasshea Russian students at Wuhan University did not panic at the pneumonia caused by China's new type of coronavirus 2019 ncov. None of them were sick, But they want to return home before the situation normalizes. On Sunday, a reporter from Tass News Agency informed a female university student (named after Maya) of the Russian people's Friendship University (Russia) by telephone about the situation. She worked in the University as an intern for one year. Now, according to her, there are eight university students from Russia in Wuhan. Generally speaking, everything is fine, normal and there is no panic, ""said the 21-year-old Maya. It's not clear what will happen next, but as long as we are optimistic, ""the girl added. My relatives told me there were reports of panic in the Russian news. She didn't notice it at all. "" Many Russian students, she said, left Russia or other Chinese cities from Wuhan before the city imposed strict quarantine measures. We try to stay on the edge of the campus, ""Maya continued. The girl told the students to be allowed out of the campus, although the Administration advised not to leave the campus and stay in the dormitory as much as possible. "" You have to buy. "" About Sometimes I have to get out, very few of them. "" She said the product was purchased from a nearby shopping center, just near the university gate. It also helps to provide food. There are two canteens on the campus. There's a desire to go out of town, ""said the college student. But it's impossible. "" China is studying whether to evacuate Russians from Wuhan, according to Georgi yegorov, the press Commissioner of the Russian Embassy in China, on Sunday. insulation Russian female university students have confirmed that the Yangtze River bridge connecting different parts of the city is blocked like a highway tunnel under the river bed. "" Hankou) the most dangerous area of the city and the location of the railway station are isolated. ""I don't know about other areas,"" she said. We are often monitored and checked by thermometers, including when entering the canteen. That would be great. We very much welcome all the actions taken by the Chinese government. There is almost no better way to solve this problem. "" The winter vacation of Wuhan University is extended to March 2."|Russian, students, Wuhan, University, university, campus, panic, China, Maya, Russia, city, situation, Sunday, female, student, year, girl, told, Chinese, stay|situation,Chinese,student,Russian,girl|georgi,wuhan,russian,university,beijing,cole,tass,andre,agency,s,russia,hankou,yegorov,russians,chinese,news,china,river,friendship,yangtze,maya|1580048705
5e3e68d2ff976e92724b714d|BEIJING, Jan 20 (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Monday the country would curb the spread of an outbreak of pneumonia caused by a new coronavirus, state television reported. “People’s lives and health should be given top priority and the spread of the outbreak should be resolutely curbed,” it quoted Xi as saying. China had confirmed a total 217 cases of the coronavirus, first discovered in the central city of Wuhan, by 1800 local time on Monday, state TV said.|Xi, Monday, spread, outbreak, coronavirus, state, BEIJING, Jan, 20, Reuters, Chinese, President, Jinping, country, curb, pneumonia, caused, television, reported, People|country,Chinese,Jinping,pneumonia,Jan|people,wuhan,chinese,jinping,china,xi,beijing,s|1579520520
5e40ceb7c0fe4e1400def4b7|The number of deaths due to the novel lung disease in China has increased to 80's. Within one day, the number of confirmed infections with the new Coronavirus in the People's Republic climbed to 2744, as state television reported by the authorities. With around 40 cases worldwide, almost 2800 cases are confirmed. China has taken drastic measures to combat the further spread of lung disease. The virus has now appeared in almost every province or region of the country. (dpa)|number, lung, disease, China, confirmed, cases, deaths, due, increased, 80, day, infections, Coronavirus, People, Republic, climbed, 2744, state, television, reported|day,lung,disease,climbed,Republic|republic,people,coronavirus,china,s|1580079600
5e3e9a7d76c6e08a821bd079|"According to the report of today's Sunday, February 2, 2020, the French correspondent of Wuhan, France, RFI, the fear of new coronavirus, commonly known as ""pneumonia,"" has increased in Japanese society. With the increasing number of infected people, the number of confirmed patients found in Japan has reached 20, causing people to rush to drugstores to buy masks. Many stations in Japan have set up booths to spread epidemic prevention knowledge to passengers. Many Japanese people have been interviewed by RFI French journalists from Taiwan, France and Guangzhou. A man said in Japanese, ""wearing a mask, washing hands frequently and keeping abreast of the changes in the epidemic situation are constant reminders."" Our French correspondent pointed out that in Japan, it is becoming more and more difficult to find masks. It needs to be done early in the morning, when the mask is just opened in the drugstore or small supermarket and put into the counter. After that, it's gone. In this case, some people were annoyed and accepted the on-the-spot interview of French journalists from Taiwan. One woman said that the shortage of masks in the epidemic situation is really alarming. Another man added that the shortage was expected in advance. The development of virus makes people feel very uneasy. Some stores refuse Chinese entry Our French speaking reporter also noted in the on-site interview that the public viewed foreign tourists with suspicion. A Japanese woman said she is now afraid of all Chinese tourists. Another Japanese woman said that with so many foreigners, people are at great risk of infection. According to reports, some Japanese shops are now refusing Chinese customers."|Japanese, people, French, Japan, masks, epidemic, woman, Chinese, correspondent, France, RFI, number, journalists, Taiwan, man, mask, situation, interview, shortage, tourists|situation,woman,Japan,journalists,Japanese|france,taiwan,rfi,wuhan,french,chinese,japan,guangzhou,japanese|1580644320
5e3faacc7789d687c1b7591f|Tokyo, January 27. /tass/ The Japanese government plans to send a plane on January 28 to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan, China, where a pneumonia outbreak in the new Colorado State of 2019 ncov was recorded. This is NHK on Monday. The two sides are currently negotiating the possibility of charter flights, as Wuhan airport is temporarily grounded. According to the statistics of the Ministry of foreign affairs of Japan, there are about 700 Japanese in Wuhan. So far, 430 of them have expressed their willingness to return home. The government asked others to contact the Japanese Embassy in Beijing to resolve the evacuation. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced on January 26 his intention to send a charter party to China as soon as possible. On the same day, foreign minister Wang Yi of Japan and China discussed this issue.|Japanese, January, Wuhan, China, government, send, charter, foreign, Japan, Tokyo, 27, tass, plans, plane, 28, evacuate, citizens, pneumonia, outbreak, Colorado|27,citizens,Japan,pneumonia,government|yi,state,wuhan,beijing,colorado,foreign,affairs,china,japan,of,abe,wang,japanese,ministry,shinzo,nhk,tokyo|1580101970
5e46a9c9135e9a4f6db2d724|BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s steel industry body has asked the government for help in overcoming transport disruptions caused by curbs aimed at stopping the spread of coronavirus, as steelmakers struggle to bring in raw materials for their plants or ship out products. The China Iron and Steel Association (CISA) appealed to the Ministry of Transport to “take forceful measures” to ensure mills had adequate transportation to sustain their operations, according to a document seen by Reuters on Thursday. The document, dated Feb. 12, said “extreme measures” taken to fight the epidemic, such as lockdowns on cities and roads in some regions, were greatly impacting mills’ access to raw materials and their outbound deliveries of steel products. A CISA official confirmed the association had sent such a document to the transport ministry. Some mills relying on road transport are facing shortages of raw material such as coking coal and limestone due to a lack of truck drivers, as some were unable to return to work on time due to the epidemic, the association said. A source from a Shandong-based state-owned steel mill, who requested anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media, said the plant has its own trucks for transport, but drivers from other cities are expected to have a 14-day quarantine before returning to work. The virus, first discovered in December in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, has killed more than 1,300 people. Wuhan Iron and Steel Co Ltd, a unit of top steelmaker China Baowu Steel Group located in the virus epicentre, only has enough raw material inventory to sustain production for about five days, according to the CISA. Coking coal inventories at the headquarter of Liaoning’s Angang Steel Co Ltd are sustainable for only ten days, it added. The association also pointed out there had been a sharp rise in finished steel product stocks at mills after the Lunar New Year holiday. Stocks at Chinese steel mills rose by 17.3% from a week earlier to 11.5 million tonnes as of Feb. 13, data compiled by consultancy Mysteel showed. While stocks are piling up, some companies are encountering cash flow problems,  posing a threat to their production and operations, the association said. The CISA called for steelmakers last week to adjust production to avoid overstock and ensure ample cash flow amid the coronavirus outbreak. Steel traders, who typically replenish stock after the holiday period, are holding back purchases this year due to logistical constraints as well as an uncertain demand outlook. “The (transport) situation might only recover in late February,” said the source from the Shandong mill.|steel, transport, Steel, mills, raw, CISA, association, China, document, due, production, Reuters, coronavirus, steelmakers, materials, products, Iron, measures, ensure, sustain|production,ensure,raw,CISA,steelmakers|ltd,wuhan,angang,beijing,hubei,and,transport,reuters,year,baowu,liaoning,february,iron,s,shandong,group,lunar,association,of,ministry,new,based,mysteel,chinese,china,cisa,co,steel|1581592320
5e414c247e27cd38d1b1ef52|"This Thursday, Japan announced the first case of viral pneumonia, caused by a new type of coronavirus, originating in the Chinese city of Wuhan, where it killed a passover and infected 40. The patient is a 30-year-old Chinese citizen who resides in the Japanese prefecture of Kanagawa in southern Tokyo, but who visited Wuhan earlier this year, the Japanese Ministry of Health said. The man went to a medical center the same day he returned to Japan in January 06 after three days with fever. On January 10th, he was hospitalized and released on Wednesday, after his symptoms decreased, he added. Japan Institute of Infectious Diseases tested positive for the new type of coronavirus on Wednesday. The Chinese authorities said that the disease originated in a shellfish market situated in the suburbs of Wuhan, a city in the center of the country and an important domestic and international transport centre. According to the testimony of the Japanese patient, during his trip to Wuhan he did not visit that market, but may have been in contact with one of the Chinese patients. On Wednesday, Wuhan's health authorities admitted the possibility that pneumonia could be communicable between humans, referring to a couple where the market-working husband developed the disease before the wife, who did not go to the site. Cases of viral pneumonia have fueled fears of a potential epidemic after an investigation has identified the disease a s a new type of coronavirus, a kind of virus that causes respiratory infections in humans and animals and is transmitted through cough, sneezing or physical contact Yeah. Some of these viruses result only in a cold, while others may generate more serious respiratory diseases, such a s atypical pneumonia, or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which between 2002 and 2003 killed more than eight thousand people worldwide. The virus broadcast alert was issued after the first case detected outside China was known this week, that of a Thai who visited Wuhan. ""We will carry out preventive epidemiological studies and work with relevant organisations, such as the World Health Organisation (WHO), to assess the risks"", said the Japanese Ministry of Health. So far, the symptoms described for Wuhan's viral pneumonia ar e fever and fatigue, accompanied by a dry cough and, in many cases, shortness of breath."|Wuhan, pneumonia, Chinese, Japanese, Japan, viral, type, coronavirus, Health, Wednesday, disease, market, case, city, killed, patient, year, visited, Ministry, center|visited,Japan,pneumonia,disease,patient|world,institute,wuhan,thai,chinese,china,japan,organisation,of,health,infectious,japanese,ministry,kanagawa,who,tokyo,s,diseases|1579164032
5e3e6556a6201cadba7c8148|Battling the fast-spreading coronavirus, China on Friday said that it is building a 1,000-bed hospital for patients infected with the deadly virus that has claimed 26 lives so far with confirmed cases rising sharply to over 880, prompting authorities to shut down 13 cities during the country's most important holiday. Dampening the celebrations of the Lunar New Year, China, in an unprecedented move, has shut down transportation in at least 13 cities -- Wuhan and 12 of its neighbours -- in central China's Hubei province to contain the coronavirus. According to the National Health Commission, 26 people have died so far with over 880 confirmed cases being treated mostly in Hubei province. Twenty-nine provinces have reported the cases. China's biggest city Shanghai raised the emergency response of public health safety to level 1, the highest, following Beijing, and Hubei, Hunan, Zhejiang, Anhui, and Guangdong provinces as more cases were reported. Beijing so far reported 34 confirmed cases of coronavirus infection, official media reported. The Chinese disease prevention authority on Friday released pictures and information of the first Wuhan Coronavirus that Chinese experts had discovered. The Wuhan local government is rushing to build a 1,000-bedded hospital in the outskirts of Wuhan to treat coronavirus patients. Dozens of excavators were feverishly working at the site where the hospital will be built on the 25000 sq metres just about 10 days' time. It will be put into use by February 3, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. Workers are being paid 1,200 yuan (USD 173) per day, three times their usual wage, to accelerate the construction. The hospital will be modelled on the one built in Beijing for the treatment and control of SARS or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, that spread rapidly on the Chinese mainland in 2003, killing over 800 people . During that time Beijing had built the Xiaotangshan Hospital, a temporary medical centre in the northern suburb of the city. China has also deployed its military medics to help civilian doctors. As the unknown virus wreaking havoc, Chinese and American researchers are working together to develop a vaccine against the deadly new strain of coronavirus, Hong Kong based South China Morning Post reported. The collaboration is taking place amid a growing international debate about whether it came from snakes or bats. At present, there is no cure for the virus which has pneumonia-like symptoms and is contagious among humans. The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Thursday stopped short of declaring the virus a global public health emergency, despite China’s climbing death toll. The virus has spread to Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Vietnam and the United States as of Thursday. Japan on Friday reported a second confirmed case. Wuhan, the city of 11 million people, is where the virus is believed to have first emerged. The victims' average age is 73, with 89 being the oldest and 48 youngest. Hubei authorities have suspended operations at local travel agencies and ordered all schools to postpone the start of spring semester classes, said People's Daily, the official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC). China's finance ministry on Thursday announced the allocation of one billion yuan (USD 144 million) to be used by Hubei authorities to halt the spread of the illness, the report said. The Indian Embassy in Beijing has cancelled the January 26th Republic Day ceremony citing the coronavirus outbreak in China as well as the decision of the Chinese authorities to cancel public gathering and events. The Wuhan lockdown is a cause of concern for Indian students who are still there. The city and surroundings have about 700 Indian students, majority of them studying medicine . However, most of the students have apparently left for home for the holidays. As concerns grew over their safety, the Indian embassy on Thursday opened helplines and established contacts with the Chinese officials concerned to ensure food and other supplies to those who remained in the city. In a new disclosure, Chinese officials on Thursday confirmed fresh cases of coronavirus in people who did not even travel to Wuhan recently. The National Health Commission also reported increasing the number of cases with no exposure to Wuhan's Hunan seafood wholesale market, which is believed to be related to most of the infected cases. The cases without confirmed exposure to the market have been found overseas. The virus, which a doctor in Wuhan told BBC is spreading at an alarming rate, has dampened the Chinese New Year celebrations beginning Friday. Chinese all over the world formally bid goodbye to the year of the pig on Friday and would welcome the year of rat on Saturday. The Chinese government has given week-long holidays. Chinese lunar calendar, years are grouped into a 12-year cycle, with each year is assigned an animal symbol: rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, rooster, dog and pig. In view of the virus scare, several cities, including Beijing, have cancelled special events. The festival is also known as the Spring Festival. Large cultural activities during the spring festival in Beijing such as temple fairs were cancelled to prevent the spread of the virus.|Chinese, China, virus, cases, Wuhan, reported, coronavirus, Beijing, confirmed, Friday, Hubei, city, Thursday, hospital, authorities, people, spread, Indian, year, cities|virus,authorities,Indian,Beijing,confirmed|commission,zhejiang,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,people,guangdong,severe,health,sars,vietnam,beijing,republic,world,hunan,singapore,united,coronavirus,party,hubei,japan,communist,year,morning,xinhua,who,festival,s,kong,respiratory,lunar,hospital,acute,xiaotangshan,american,of,anhui,day,new,south,korea,macau,indian,hong,chinese,china,post,organisation,states,daily,spring,national,syndrome,shanghai,bbc|1579838220
5e3fab077789d687c1b75931|Tass, 27 January. Mongolian authorities have closed the border with China because of the threat of new pneumonia from Colorado 2019 ncov. This is reported by the global times on Monday. It was noted that vehicular and pedestrian traffic was prohibited at border crossings. At the end of December, China's Wuhan city is a large industrial and trade center with a population of more than 11 million. Human beings. Now there are more than 2.7 million confirmed cases in China. The death toll was 80. Cases are registered in almost all parts of China, including Beijing and Shanghai.|China, border, million, Tass, 27, January, Mongolian, authorities, closed, threat, pneumonia, Colorado, 2019, ncov, reported, global, Monday, noted, vehicular, pedestrian|27,Tass,ncov,authorities,pneumonia|wuhan,colorado,china,mongolian,shanghai,beijing,s|1580125531
5e3fa136c7d7d06da7396e87|"Moscow, 4 February / Sputnik radio. In ""Ukrainian International Airlines"") ""Today, maw completed its last flight to Sanya Kiev and stopped air traffic between Ukraine and China,"" Facebook News reported. For example, on Tuesday, 203 passengers from China flew from Ukraine, and 457 passengers from maowu returned home only after the Colorado virus outbreak. ""Airlines and tour operators agree to suspend flights until the regional situation normalizes,"" the material clearly states. The airline explained that it was implementing recommendations on measures to prevent the proliferation of coronavirus 2019-ncov. ""Doctors at the health and quarantine station of the Ministry of health conduct compulsory inspection on passengers and crew members."" The plane was thoroughly cleaned, including disinfected Tools for passenger service and crew uniforms will be disposed of ""- highlighted in the message About At the end of December, Chinese authorities reported an outbreak of pneumonia among unknown people in Hubei Province. A new type of coronavirus-2019-ncov has become the pathogen of the disease. According to the latest data, there are more than 17000 confirmed cases and more than 400 deaths worldwide. Russian Deputy Prime Minister gorikov announced Thursday that the government decided to close all regular flights of Russian Airlines to China, except those to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong. All flights from China now fly to another airport terminal. In addition, the Russian railway has completely stopped railway contact with China since February 3. Earlier, radio Sputnik reported that a quarantine area had been established near Qiuming for Russians returning from China. Join our TV channel."|China, Airlines, reported, passengers, flights, Russian, February, Sputnik, radio, stopped, Ukraine, outbreak, coronavirus, 2019, ncov, health, quarantine, crew, railway, Moscow|health,quarantine,ncov,flights,Russian|qiuming,russian,health,beijing,airlines,hubei,kiev,guangzhou,international,sputnik,kong,colorado,of,ukraine,ministry,moscow,hong,russians,chinese,ukrainian,news,sanya,china,shanghai,gorikov,facebook|1580837580
5e40f70d8b3ade896662c6e8|(Reuters) - A growing number of countries around the world are evacuating or planning to evacuate diplomatic staff and citizens from parts of China hit by the new coronavirus. Following are some countries’ evacuation plans, and how they aim to manage the health risk from those who are returning. -  A second evacuation flight is bringing back another 174 Singaporeans and their family members from Wuhan to the city-state on Feb. 9, Singapore’s foreign ministry said. -  Thirty Filipinos returned to the Philippines on Feb. 9 from Wuhan, the Department of Foreign Affairs said. The returning passengers and a 10-member government team will be quarantined for 14 days. - Britain’s final evacuation flight from Wuhan, carrying more than 200 people, landed at a Royal Air Force base in central England on Feb. 9. A plane carrying 83 British and 27 European Union nationals from Wuhan landed in Britain last week. -  Two planes with about 300 passengers, mostly U.S. citizens, took off from Wuhan on Feb. 6 bound for the United States - the third group of evacuees from the heart of the coronavirus outbreak, the U.S. State Department said. -  Uzbekistan has evacuated 251 people from China and quarantined them on arrival in Tashkent, the Central Asian nation’s state airline said on Feb. 6. -  A plane load of New Zealanders, Australians and Pacific Islanders evacuated from Wuhan arrived in Auckland, New Zealand on Feb. 5, officials said. -  Taiwan has evacuated the first batch of an estimated 500 Taiwanese stranded in Wuhan. -  The 34 Brazilians evacuated from Wuhan landed in Brazil on Feb. 9, where they will begin 18 days of quarantine. -  Italy flew back 56 nationals from Wuhan to Rome on Feb. 3. The group will spend two weeks in quarantine in a military hospital, the government said. -  Saudi Arabia has evacuated 10 students from Wuhan, Saudi state television reported on Feb. 2 . - Indonesia’s government flew 243 Indonesians from Hubei on Feb. 2 and placed them under quarantine at a military base on an island northwest of Borneo. - South Korea flew 368 people home on a charter flight that arrived on Jan. 31. A second chartered flight departed Seoul for Wuhan on Jan. 31, with plans to evacuate around 350 more South Korean citizens. - Japan chartered a third flight to repatriate Japanese people, which arrived from Wuhan on Jan. 31, bringing the number of repatriated nationals to 565. - Kazakhstan has evacuated 83 of its citizens, mostly students, from Wuhan. - Spain’s government is working with China and the European     Union to repatriate its nationals. - Canada evacuated its first group of 176 citizens from Wuhan to an Ontario air force base early on Feb. 5, according to the Globe and Mail newspaper. The country’s foreign minister said a second group should arrive later on Feb. 5 after changing planes in Vancouver. All evacuees will be quarantined on the base for two weeks. - Russia said it would begin moving its citizens out of China via its Far Eastern region on Feb. 1, regional authorities said. It plans to evacuate more than 600 Russian citizens currently in Hubei, Deputy Prime Minister Tatiana Golikova said. A first Russian military plane took off on Feb. 4 to evacuate Russian citizens from Wuhan, the RIA news agency reported. - The Netherlands is preparing the voluntary evacuation of 20 Dutch nationals and their families from Hubei, Foreign Minister Stef Blok said. The Netherlands is finalizing arrangements with EU partners and Chinese authorities. -  France has evacuated some nationals from Wuhan and said it would place the passengers in quarantine. It said it would first evacuate nationals without symptoms and then those showing symptoms at a later, unspecified date. - Swiss authorities said they hope to have about 10 citizens join the French evacuation of nationals from China . - A plane brought 138 Thai nationals home from Wuhan last week. They will spend two weeks in quarantine.|Wuhan, Feb, citizens, nationals, evacuated, evacuate, China, evacuation, flight, quarantine, government, people, base, plane, group, plans, state, passengers, 10, quarantined|citizens,quarantine,evacuation,government,plane|taiwan,philippines,wuhan,england,state,tashkent,brazilians,korean,far,affairs,department,ontario,russian,ria,thai,zealanders,force,vancouver,singaporeans,tatiana,auckland,eu,spain,stef,france,singapore,united,globe,italy,hubei,and,japan,filipinos,indonesia,indonesians,japanese,union,u,s,australians,russia,british,the,britain,islanders,borneo,french,of,european,new,south,korea,kazakhstan,asian,rome,central,dutch,swiss,uzbekistan,foreign,golikova,canada,china,states,netherlands,chinese,brazil,seoul,pacific,taiwanese,royal,air,arabia,zealand,eastern,mail,blok,saudi|1581315540
5e43fb425f23719b6c6f645d|(Reuters) - A second plane, carrying 185 Canadian evacuees from the coronavirus-stricken Chinese city of Wuhan, has landed at an air-force base in Trenton, Ontario, the Canadian government said on Tuesday. The outbreak, which originated in Wuhan in Hubei province and has killed more than 1,000 people mostly in China, has spread to at least 27 countries, including Canada where seven confirmed cases have been reported. Although consular officials were in contact with Canadians in China who have requested assistance, this is the last planned flight from Wuhan, the government said in a statement. Last week, 176 Canadian citizens and permanent residents were evacuated from Wuhan to an Ontario air-force base on a flight chartered by the Canadian government, while another 39 Canadian evacuees were flown out of China on an American flight. Evacuees flown to the base are required to be quarantined for 14 days. The Canadian government has also told citizens not to travel to Hubei and to avoid all non-essential travel to China. Canada has deployed 16 tonnes of protective equipment, including masks, goggles and gloves, to China since Feb. 4, and will provide C$2 million ($1.5 million) to the World Health Organization to help fight the outbreak, the statement added. In Wuhan, sadness over a potential separation turned to joy for Edward Yuan, 28, a Canadian citizen from Vancouver, and his wife, Eve Xiao, 27, a permanent resident. Although they were initially told that Xiao would not be allowed to board the second flight back to Canada, the Canadian authorities later said she would be permitted on the plane. “I was at first depressed and my wife was crying when we were told she can’t leave,” Yuan told Reuters before the flight took off. “But a few hours later, the tears turned into surprise, happiness and doubt.” They were finally relieved only once they had stepped on to the plane together, Yuan said. Canada’s Chief Medical Officer Theresa Tam said on Monday eight members of the Canadian Armed Forces who accompanied the first flight to and from Wuhan had been released from quarantine, as had five additional members of the flight crew. “It is understandable that many in the public are worried about the virus; however, the misinformation and rumours that continue to spread only undermine our response to the outbreak,” Tam said.|Canadian, flight, Wuhan, China, government, Canada, told, plane, base, outbreak, Yuan, Reuters, evacuees, air, force, Ontario, Hubei, spread, 27, including|27,government,Canada,plane,Hubei|wuhan,ontario,health,vancouver,eve,world,hubei,2,xiao,trenton,reuters,yuan,s,armed,american,theresa,c,tam,canadians,edward,chinese,canadian,organization,canada,china,forces|1581435120
5e4124956e5e64d927600451|"WASHINGTON — The deadly new coronavirus that has broken out in China, 2019-nCoV, will afflict a minimum of tens of thousands of people and will last at least several months, researchers estimate based on the first available data. ""The best case scenario, you would have something... where we go through the spring into the summer, and then it dies down,"" Mr David Fisman, a professor at the University of Toronto who wrote an analysis of the virus for the International Society for Infectious Diseases, told AFP. ""It's not something that's going to end the next week or the next month,"" said Mr Alessandro Vespignani, a professor at Northeastern University. He is part of a group of researchers that manages an online dashboard about the outbreak. Epidemiologists have no crystal ball. They have only piecemeal information on the new virus, which appeared in December. They use mathematical models to estimate the actual number of cases, as of the current date, and compare them to past outbreaks — but many of their hypotheses remain uncertain. Until the past weekend, researchers thought that infected people were not contagious until they began exhibiting symptoms, such as fever, respiratory problems, and pneumonia. But Chinese authorities said Sunday they had established the opposite. US health authorities said Monday they had not seen evidence that asymptomatic patients can infect other people. But if they can, this would definitely change the outbreak's dynamics. The first estimates for the length of the incubation period — about two weeks — are recent. PATIENCE In recent days, multiple experts have calculated an important parameter for any outbreak: the basic reproduction number, or ""R0."" It represents the number of people contaminated by an infected person. Estimates range from 1.4 to 3.8, according to Mr Fisman, figures that are considered moderate . That is only an average: some patients may infect many people, while others infect only a few. ""On its own, it isn't a reason to panic,"" said Ms Maimuna Majumder, a researcher at Harvard University and at Boston Children's Hospital. She said the rate is 1.3 for seasonal flu (which has millions of cases per year) and between two and five for Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which resulted in 8,000 cases and 774 deaths, the majority in mainland China and Hong Kong in 2002-2003. In comparison, the rate for measles ranges from 12 to 18. Quarantines and isolation measures, systematic hand washing and masks could help drive down the average number of infected people. If the rate falls below one, the epidemic will die down. But the effect of the control measures China has implemented won't be felt for another week or two, researchers say, based on the virus's cycle. ""The more we learn about it, the more it looks like SARS,"" said Mr Fisman. ""SARS was controllable; hopefully this will be too. But we won't know for a few weeks."" ""It's going to be many weeks, probably months, and nobody knows where this will go,"" he added. The official number of cases is more than 4,000 in China, with more than 100 deaths, and some 50 confirmed infections outside the country. But the actual number of Chinese cases, including those not yet detected, is likely to be more than 25,000, said Mr Vespignani, according to the analysis of the group coordinated by Northeastern. And researchers at the University of Hong Kong (HKU) estimate the number of actual cases has currently passed 40,000. ""It's easy to get to twice or three times as much, even just in the city of Wuhan,"" the virus's epicenter, said Mr Vespignani. ""If we start to have other larger areas affected, then those numbers are going to be much, much bigger."" He said he doesn't want to estimate the number of possible deaths . The mortality rate, until now, has hovered around three percent, but rates tend to fluctuate: they increase at the beginning as the most vulnerable patients die, then drop, and then rise again as others die. Again, only time will tell. AFP"|number, people, cases, researchers, China, estimate, University, virus, rate, 000, Fisman, Vespignani, outbreak, actual, infected, patients, infect, weeks, SARS, deaths|infect,virus,infected,patients,outbreak|wuhan,hku,university,alessandro,northeastern,afp,sars,us,washington,david,international,s,for,kong,hospital,maimuna,society,of,infectious,toronto,2019,majumder,diseases,harvard,hong,fisman,vespignani,chinese,ncov,boston,china,children|1580197461
5e43fb0d5f23719b6c6f6429|BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s aviation regulator will support restructuring or mergers to help airlines cope with the coronavirus outbreak, it said on Wednesday, noting that the epidemic has hurt the bottom lines of many carriers. The epidemic, which originated in the transportation hub city of Wuhan and quickly spread to the rest of China, has caused global airlines to cancel thousands of flights after dozen of countries imposed travel restrictions amid virus fears, dampening demand. On Feb. 11, airlines canceled 12,662 flights in China, according to aviation data provider Variflight. The Civil Aviation Administration of China will continue to lobby authorities to subsidize airlines hurt by travel curbs due to the coronavirus, Xiong Jie, a CAAC spokesman, told a media briefing, adding that more fees would be waived for carriers. The regulator will also support restructuring and mergers among airlines based on their needs, and support them to optimize capacity so they can weather the difficult time and win the battle against the virus, Xiong said. Discussions of possible mergers have swirled since conglomerate HNA, which owns Hainan Airlines, started experiencing liquidity issues, said Chinese aviation expert Li Xiaojin. Li added that small airlines such as Lucky Air and Okay Airways were looking to get acquired. “But the issue is the airlines looking to be bought were asking for a high price... after the outbreak, everyone is having difficulties, but small airlines may struggle more, so it’s possible for them to lower their asking prices,” Li said. Passenger traffic in China declined 5.3% in January from a year earlier, compared with a growth rate of 7.9% for 2019. “The coronavirus has had a huge impact on the civil aviation industry, which resulted in significant reductions in flight volume and could create new or spill-over safety risks,” Xiong said. The CAAC hopes countries will lift virus-related travel restrictions as soon as possible, in line with guidance from the World Health Organization and International Civil Aviation Organization, said Liang Nan, another CAAC official at the briefing. For international flights affected by the coronavirus, the CAAC, in communication with other aviation authorities, will strive to retain the rights and landing slots for airlines, Liang said, adding that flights would be restored as soon as possible when market demand returns.|airlines, China, aviation, coronavirus, flights, CAAC, support, mergers, travel, virus, Xiong, Li, regulator, restructuring, outbreak, epidemic, hurt, carriers, countries, restrictions|virus,regulator,flights,mergers,CAAC|wuhan,airways,health,aviation,xiaojin,beijing,world,nan,airlines,li,hna,okay,administration,hainan,xiong,international,s,caac,civil,of,variflight,chinese,organization,china,liang,air,lucky,jie|1581487320
5e46a74323c17a9ed09fbe8c|MONTHS The time for which former J&K chief ministers Mehbooba Mufti and Omar Abdullah, among others, can be held without even charges framed against them under the erstwhile state’s Public Security Act. They have already been held for six months without charges. The prime minister quoted a satirical website’s words as if they were those of Abdullah, while the police’s justifications to hold both Abdullah and Mufti would be comical if they weren’t so disturbingly serious. EVENTS Starred home minister Amit Shah in the last 13 days of poll campaigning in Delhi, including 35 rallies and 9 road shows. Shah’s invective, and a poisonous cameo by UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath, may have helped the BJP up its vote share, but couldn’t stave off a thorough drubbing at the hands of AAP. MILLION The budget to make Parasite, the gleefully comic, though despairing, South Korean film that became the first non-English-language film to win a Best Picture’ Oscar. Its worldwide earnings, as of February 11, topped $175 million. With four, Parasite won the most Oscars on the night and helped the ceremony shed, at least partially, its parochial reputation PLAYERS Three from Bangladesh and two from India, were sanctioned by the ICC for their parts in the angry finish to an exciting U19 Cricket World Cup final, which Bangladesh won. Former bowler and India captain Bishan Singh Bedi described the Indian team’s behaviour as disgusting. MONTHLY INCOME reported by the media of 26-year-old housemaid Nazbunnisa who, incredibly, was jailed in Bidar because her 11-year-old daughter allegedly insulted Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a school play about the CAA. Nazbunnisa was arrested on January 30. Her bail hearing was scheduled for February 11 INDIA’S RANKING’ Among the 30 countries most at risk of having infected people bring coronavirus into the country, predicts a mathematical model developed in Germany. A real-time tracker created by the Johns Hopkins University shows that 16 countries (including Hong Kong) report more cases than India, though, as of February 11, there were only 135 coronavirus cases reported around the world, compared to 42,667 in mainland China.|11, Abdullah, minister, February, India, time, chief, Mufti, held, charges, Shah, including, shows, helped, Parasite, film, won, Bangladesh, reported, year|helped,film,won,time,charges|bangladesh,up,parasite,shah,abdullah,delhi,security,bjp,korean,oscars,icc,mehbooba,narendra,mufti,picture,university,k,cricket,u19,omar,india,world,germany,modi,cup,oscar,adityanath,singh,s,best,kong,south,indian,johns,hong,hopkins,bidar,act,china,bishan,j,caa,nazbunnisa,bedi,amit,public,yogi|1581631380
5e3fa9dc7789d687c1b758bf|Beijing, January 29. /tass/ Alibaba Jack Ma, the China Internet initiative foundation, donated 100 million yuan (US $14.53 million) to research and develop a coronavirus vaccine. This was mentioned in a statement issued by IMF on Wednesday. Part of the funds, i.e. 20 million yuan, will be allocated to the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of engineering for ongoing research and development. The remaining 80 million yuan will be used to support major research institutions at home and abroad to prevent and control new diseases This is a statement. It is also noted that Alibaba will provide its technical capabilities and artificial intelligence development capabilities free of charge to develop the 2019 ncov vaccine. According to the latest data, the total number of pneumonia cases caused by 2019 ncov new coronavirus reached 6000. 12 people. The death toll was 132.|million, yuan, research, Alibaba, develop, coronavirus, vaccine, statement, Chinese, Academy, development, capabilities, 2019, ncov, Beijing, January, 29, tass, Jack, Ma|development,research,develop,vaccine,ncov|jack,internet,chinese,ma,sciences,imf,china,engineering,of,alibaba,beijing,academy|1580318112
5e3f9e40c7d7d06da7396daf|"Moscow, Russian news agency February 7. Antitrust agency of the Russian Federation)（ Ivanovo has the largest price increase of 485%, Tambov of 413%, Voronezh and Ingushetia of 400%. According to the financial analysis agency of the Russian Federation, in January 2020, 68 subjects in the Russian Federation reported excessive retail prices of medical masks. In the state of Ivanovo, the largest increase was 485% for individual medical masks, 431% for Tambov, 400% for Ingushetia and 400% for Voronezh. In Nizhny Novgorod), in Murmansk and Moscow), an increase of 305%. At the same time, according to the data of the regulator, the price increase of the mask is due to the increase of the purchase price. In ADIG, for example, prices have risen by more than 1500%. Some drugstore organizations saw the biggest increase in wholesale prices of medical masks purchased between December 2019 and January 2020, with an index of 1566.7% in the Republic of ADIG and 1.5% in Russia. In St. Petersburg and Leningrad), 566.67% in Nizhny Novgorod and 522% in Moscow and Moscow. About However, in 24 regions, the rise in retail prices has nothing to do with the rise in wholesale prices. "" In each case, we will carry out surveillance activities. "","" quoted Andre tchlikowski, Deputy Minister of the Ministry. At a meeting with the government on Wednesday, President Vladimir Putin of the Russian Federation proposed to buy licenses from organizations that pay high prices for medical masks and drugs, Trying to get the situation from Colorado. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to who that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. More than 31100 people are infected in China, 636 of whom have died. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. The first two cases belonging to coronavirus have been found in Russia's post Baikal border region and in the state of Qiuming."|increase, prices, Russian, Moscow, Federation, medical, masks, agency, price, 400%, 2019, Ivanovo, largest, 485%, Tambov, Voronezh, Ingushetia, January, 2020, reported|Russian,Federation,agency,400%,largest|putin,wuhan,qiuming,petersburg,russian,murmansk,republic,novgorod,andre,vladimir,hubei,leningrad,nizhny,s,russia,colorado,tambov,tchlikowski,adig,ingushetia,ivanovo,of,moscow,baikal,federation,chinese,china,voronezh,st|1581087000
5e3e6461c1ed9bdff74a3cb1|"The death toll in China's coronavirus rose sharply to 425 with 64 deaths on Monday alone while 3,235 new confirmed cases were reported, taking the number of those infected with the deadly disease to 20,438, Chinese health authorities said on Tuesday.  The 64 people who died on Monday were all from the Hubei province, the epicentre of the virus, China's National Health Commission said. Also, 3,235 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection were reported, a big increase in a day. Another 5,072 new suspected cases were reported on Monday, said the commission, adding that 492 patients became seriously ill. The commission said that 2,788 patients remained in severe condition and 23,214 people were suspected of being infected with the virus, a pointer that it is increasingly turning virulent. The overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland had reached 20,438 by the end of Monday, the commission said, noting that a total of 425 people had died of the disease. A total of 632 people had been discharged from hospital after recovery, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. As the virus spreads from human to human, 221,015 close contacts had been traced, with 171,329 others still under medical observation. By the end of Monday, 15 confirmed cases had been reported in Hong Kong, eight in the Macao and 10 in Taiwan. The Philippines reported the first overseas death from the virus on Sunday while 148 cases have been reported from abroad. India has reported three cases of the coronavirus. All the three patients from Kerala recently returned from the affected Wuhan city. Currently, 647 Indians and seven Maldivians who have been evacuated from Wuhan and Hubei are in 14-day quarantine at a medical camp in Manesar, near Delhi. As the virus continued to spread at an alarming rate, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Monday warned officials of punishment if they shirked responsibility in tackling the virus outbreak . On Monday, China has opened a 1,000-bed hospital built in record nine days in Wuhan city and started trials for new drug to contain the virus and is set to open another 1,300 bed hospital next to it on Wednesday. The ruling Communist Party of China on Monday held its political bureau meeting presided by President Xi to review the steps being taken on various fronts to halt the spread of the deadly virus. The outcome of the epidemic prevention and control directly affects people's lives and health, the overall economic and social stability and the country's opening-up, Xi said. ""Those who disobey the unified command or shirk off responsibilities will be punished,"" Xi was quoted as saying by the state-run Xinhua news agency. Xi said that the party and government leaders supervising them would also be held accountable in severe cases. Chinese armament firms, including those building aircraft carrier and military aircraft, have postponed planned work in order to concentrate on controlling the risk of coronavirus, state-run Global Times reported. Noted Chinese health expert Zhong Nanshan has said that based on the fresh evidence, the novel coronavirus, which is spreading rapidly in China and the world, may reach its peak in the next 10 to 14 days, contrary to earlier estimates of climaxing sooner. This means that the cases would drastically increase in the next two weeks before slowing down. Also, China has begun clinical trials to test a drug to treat the patients of the coronavirus which till now has no cure. Currently, patients are being treated with a combination of antivirals and other measures, as scientists race to find a vaccine. Some reports said drugs to treat HIV too was being tried to treat the patients. The experimental antiviral drug, Remdesivir, to be tested in field trials is developed by US-based Gilead Sciences. It is aimed at treating infectious diseases such as Ebola and SARS, South China Morning Post reported . It was given to the first US patient last week - a 35-year-old man whose condition appeared to improve within a day, it said."|reported, cases, Monday, virus, China, coronavirus, patients, Chinese, people, Xi, confirmed, health, day, commission, hospital, state, run, Wuhan, trials, drug|health,virus,day,commission,patients|commission,taiwan,philippines,wuhan,delhi,gilead,jinping,health,nanshan,hiv,kerala,sars,zhong,india,us,party,hubei,communist,maldivians,xinhua,morning,s,kong,times,macao,remdesivir,of,ebola,manesar,global,south,hong,based,chinese,sciences,indians,china,post,xi,national|1580788320
5e3f9ff5c7d7d06da7396e32|"Moscow, February 5 - Russian news agency, Sergei astahov. Anatoly vorobeyev, former Secretary General of the Russian football league, believes that the news that the Russian national team will not participate in the 2022 World Cup is related to this, ""Interest in the theme in coronaveros has declined and the media are looking for an alternative."" On Tuesday, it was reported that Arab publications at the Ben games quoted their own sources, According to Wada, the World Anti Doping Agency, Russia will not be able to participate in the 2022 World Cup. In December 2019, Jonathan Taylor, chairman of the Wada compliance committee, announced that the decision of the Wada executive committee does not apply to the wm-2022 trials, However, if Russia enters the final of the Qatar world cup, its players will play under the neutral flag. On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities reported to the World Health Organization (who) that an unknown outbreak of pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, central China. Experts have found Colorado virus 2019 ncov. According to the latest data, more than 2400 new infections have occurred in mainland China, 490 of them have died, and another one has died in Hong Kong About More than 170 people were ill abroad, one of them dead. Who recognizes the international significance of an emergency. ""Only FIFA has made such a decision, in this case, the attack of the Yellow media can not be accepted. Now it will be a long process. In the case of CAS Wada, there is no prospect for any hint. The UK's yellow press has been talking about the 2018 World Cup. I think similar news is the dishonesty of your colleagues and journalists, ""he added. In December 2019, the Wada Executive Committee unanimously agreed with the CRC's proposal to prohibit Russian athletes from participating in large international competitions flying their national flag Year. Russian Anti Doping Agency) is considered to be inconsistent with the World Anti Doping code. So far, the decision of the Executive Committee has not come into force because the Wada v. rusad case has been submitted to the Lausanne sports arbitration tribunal). ""Russia may not make it more likely to be infected with Colorado virus at the world cup, but there is no reason for Russia not to participate in the world cup for the time being."" Immunity has been established, the Russian Federation has good lawyers and FIFA respects Russia and the Russian Federation. About There must be evidence of serious football irregularities to raise such questions. """|Russian, World, Wada, Russia, 2019, participate, 2022, Cup, Anti, Doping, December, decision, world, cup, case, football, national, media, reported, Agency|participate,Doping,Russian,2022,Cup|fifa,wuhan,astahov,russian,health,anti,taylor,lausanne,wada,world,cup,executive,agency,jonathan,s,kong,russia,colorado,yellow,arab,ben,uk,doping,qatar,cas,moscow,hong,federation,sergei,chinese,organization,committee,crc,china,code|1580907480
5e3faae07789d687c1b75923|"New York, January 28. /tass/ Delta Airlines extended from Jan. 31 to Feb. 29, allowing passengers to avoid additional costs when changing their flight plans at one time. Including changing tickets. This is related to pneumonia caused by the new Colorado 2019 ncov, which is posted on the air carrier's website. The notice covers Beijing and Shanghai. "" The elimination of one-time changes in travel plans gives our customers more freedom of movement. "" The previous benefit period was from 24 January to 31 January. It is now extended to February 29. The airline warned its passengers that in addition to inspections in China, they would also be inspected at airports in New York, San Francisco and Atlanta. Chicago and Losangeles. This was done by staff at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The Central Committee to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria confirmed that there were five new cases of pneumonia in the country. All five patients went to Wuhan, China, where a new coronavirus caused pneumonia broke out. The cases occurred in four states: Arizona, Washington, Illinois and California. About On Monday, the State Department called on Americans to reconsider their plans to visit China, which is Colorado. The foreign ministry also advised against going to China's Hubei Province, whose administrative center is Wuhan."|China, January, plans, pneumonia, York, extended, 31, 29, passengers, changing, time, caused, Colorado, cases, Wuhan, 28, tass, Delta, Airlines, Jan|pneumonia,changing,caused,time,Jan|state,delta,disease,wuhan,illinois,department,beijing,york,francisco,airlines,americans,hubei,and,washington,prevention,atlanta,losangeles,s,for,california,colorado,san,new,chicago,central,aids,committee,centers,arizona,china,control,shanghai,province|1580202619
5e3e6840ff976e92724b7123|MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Sunday a 44-year-old Chinese man had died of the new coronavirus, the first fatality from the growing outbreak to have died outside of China, where the epidemic started. The Department of Health said there were now two confirmed infections in the Philippines, including the man from Wuhan in Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, who died on Saturday. The man developed severe pneumonia after being admitted to a government hospital in Manila on Jan. 25, the department said. In China, the death toll from the coronavirus outbreak had reached 304 as of the end of Saturday, state broadcaster CCTV said on Sunday, citing the country’s National Health Commission, with recorded cases of infections of more than 14,000. The man who died was a companion of a 38-year-old Chinese woman, also from Wuhan, who was the first to test positive for the virus in the Philippines. Both patients arrived in the Philippines via Hong Kong on Jan. 21, the health department said. While the patient who died was “stable and showed signs of improvement” during his last few days in the hospital, his condition deteriorated in the 24 hours before he died, Health Secretary Francisco Duque told reporters. “We are currently working with the Chinese embassy to ensure the dignified management of the remains according to national and international standards to contain the disease,” he said. Duque said all measures needed to contain the spread of the virus were being strictly implemented and followed, including by including by health personnel who came in contact with the two patients. Twenty-four patients previously under investigation for infection tested negative for the new coronavirus, while samples from four other patients were still being tested, the health department said. Passengers aboard the flights of the two positive cases were being traced, he said . Cebu Air Inc, which operates Cebu Pacific airline, said it was working closely with health authorities to contact all passengers aboard those two flights on Jan. 21. The two patients had taken Cebu Pacific flights from Hong Kong to Cebu and from Cebu to Dumaguete in central Philippines, the airline said in a statement. The cabin crew and pilots on affected flights have been quarantined, and the aircraft have undergone thorough disinfection, it said. Cebu Air and two other Philippine carriers, Philippine Airlines and the local unit of AirAsia Group Bhd, have canceled flights to China this month, joining many others around the world that have done the same. The health department’s announcement followed a move by the Philippine government to expand its travel ban amid the outbreak to include all foreigners coming from China, Hong Kong and Macau. It earlier had restricted only those from Hubei.|died, Cebu, Philippines, patients, health, flights, man, outbreak, China, department, Chinese, coronavirus, Health, including, Jan, Hong, Kong, Philippine, Sunday, year|health,flights,Kong,Philippine,patients|commission,philippines,wuhan,department,duque,health,philippine,francisco,airlines,hubei,airasia,cebu,manila,kong,group,of,cctv,inc,macau,hong,bhd,saturday,chinese,dumaguete,china,pacific,national,air|1580629740
5e4a8fb9f6963609bf9887d9|MUMBAI, Feb 17 (Reuters) - India’s poultry industry has lost 13 billion rupees ($182 million) in three weeks after speculation on social media that chickens are a cause of the spread of coronavirus, denting demand for chicken and nearly halving prices, say industry officials. Millions of small poultry farmers have been hit by a sudden drop in sales. Soybean and corn producers are also being affected with prices of both the commodities used in animal feed have falling up to 8% in the last three weeks. While the disease has infected more than 70,000 people in China and killed at least 1,770 there, only three confirmed cases have been reported in India. However, rumours that coronavirus can be transmitted through chickens have appeared on the WhatsApp message platform in India prompting the authorities to issue a statement last week that eating chicken is safe. The western state of Maharashtra has called for the police to act against anyone spreading the rumours. “Many people stopped eating chicken believing rumours spread on WhatsApp,” said Uddhav Ahire, chairman of Anand Agro Group, a poultry company based in the western city of Nashik. “Chicken prices have crashed due to an abrupt drop in  demand.” Broiler chicken prices have fallen to 35 rupees a kg from around 70 rupees in January, he said, adding that farmers are still losing money as broiler prices are hovering at 40 rupees per kg. Clarifications issued by the authorities appear to have allayed some fears, with sales starting to gradually improve, said Prasanna Pedgaonkar, general manager of poultry-focused Venky’s, which has seen its shares slide more than 20% in the last month. “Sales are not fully recovered. It will take time to go back to normal level,” he said, adding that small and medium farmers are struggling to absorb losses. Vasant Kumar Shetty, president of the Poultry Breeders Welfare Association in Maharashtra, said: “The industry has been losing 120 million rupees per day due to lower prices.” Soybean and corn demand has seen a sharp decline in the last three weeks as poultry farmers cut down animal feed purchases. Small farmers are responding to lower prices by reducing production and this could lead to lower supplies and higher prices from April onwards, industry officials said. (Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav; Editing by Mike Harrison)|prices, poultry, rupees, farmers, industry, chicken, India, weeks, demand, rumours, lower, million, chickens, spread, coronavirus, officials, small, drop, sales, Soybean|sales,farmers,officials,rumours,chicken|vasant,mumbai,welfare,venky,rajendra,india,whatsapp,nashik,uddhav,poultry,jadhav,breeders,shetty,s,group,kumar,association,maharashtra,agro,ahire,mike,china,pedgaonkar,prasanna,anand,harrison|1581943380
5e3fa78e7789d687c1b757ca|"Moscow, February 3. /tass/ Chairman of the information society development committee of the chamber of Commerce of the Russian Federation) Alexander markovich, media and mass media, suggests that we should use the fact checking mechanism to crack down on false information in Russian social networks.)（ It's a fake message against Colorado that installs Facebook. ""Russian social networks must establish a system to control fireworks The mechanism of not working in our social network, which is not what is blocked, but at least checked. ""That's the truth - cheques,"" malkevich said at an expanded meeting of the working group on operational programmes on Internet Security on Monday. He said the mechanism should be similar to the fact checking used by Facebook. "" We often criticize western social networks, over censorship of social media, and the moderator's freedom to treat what they think of as FAE. But they at least have a work fact check system for this story. It's not perfect, but they want to implement it. "" He said there is no such test on some Russian Internet Of course, the fact - check mechanism should not work on personal preferences of social networks, moderators. About There has to be an algorithm, but the mechanism has to be there: analyze the agency's tapes, mail messages, other systems, ""malkevich stressed, adding, There should be a label next to the user station for the correct information. In January, he said, about 200 communications were found from different authors, which could cause user panic. "" He added that the most common cases were posted on social networking sites. In second place - on twitter) 28% of the mentions, 15% of the emails come from the media, he said. Last week, Facebook took steps to limit the spread of social networks with the same name, as well as its instagram owned 2019-ncov false information about Colorado, Cause an outbreak of pneumonia. In particular, the company plans to use a fact check algorithm, which will help identify false information and limit its replication in social networks."|social, networks, information, fact, mechanism, Russian, media, false, Facebook, check, checking, Colorado, system, working, malkevich, Internet, work, algorithm, user, limit|algorithm,Russian,limit,malkevich,information|internet,commerce,colorado,security,russian,of,chamber,moscow,facebook|1580747087
5e3fa6fd7789d687c1b7578b|"Geneva, 4 February. /tass/ According to the director general of the World Health Organization (who), tru Adana gebreysus, 2019 ncov's proliferation risk around the world remains high. ""The risk of further global proliferation remains high. It's time for all countries to be ready, as he tweeted on who. Gebreyesu stressed that 99% of cases are registered in China and 97% of deaths are registered in Hubei Province. He said he would send an international expert group to China to work with the Chinese authorities to better understand the outbreak of the disease. "" In addition, who will convene an expert meeting next week to identify research priorities in all areas related to the outbreak. "" This includes the source of the virus and the development of vaccines. ""We continue to work closely with the Chinese government to support its efforts to contain the epicenter. This is our best chance to prevent wider proliferation. "" According to the organization, there are 20630 cases of coronavirus infection in the world, including 20471 in China. 2788 cases were considered serious. About In the past 24 hours, the number of patients worldwide has increased by 3341, and the number of serious cases has increased by 492. A total of 425 people died of AIDS in China, and another one died. Apart from China, 2019 - ncov has 159 cases in 23 countries. Who will provide $531000 from Dubai warehouses to 24 countries. Medical mask, 350000 Nearly 18000 pairs of gloves Coverall In addition, analytical materials will be provided to more than 70 laboratories. This information has been revised): the international standard industrial classification, 22nd edition, page 24, has updated the information about the text."|cases, China, proliferation, countries, 24, 2019, ncov, risk, world, remains, high, registered, international, expert, work, Chinese, outbreak, addition, number, increased|ncov,risk,remains,international,expert|world,gebreyesu,adana,dubai,aids,organization,geneva,hubei,chinese,china,health|1580855932
5e3fa9167789d687c1b75877|"Tass, 30 January. The first case of coronavirus 2019 ncov has been registered in India. India's Ministry of health was quoted by the news trust of India on Thursday as reporting the situation. According to him, the virus was found in an Indian female student in South Kerala who was studying at Wuhan University. The ANI agency also noted that the patient's condition is considered stable and is currently being quarantined under the supervision of a doctor. The information service of the government of India confirmed the positive results of this analysis, citing data from the Ministry of health and family welfare of India, A student submits a document identifying the new coronaveros. The patient was quarantined in the hospital. The patient's condition is stable and closely monitored by medical staff, ""report. There are thousands of foreigners in Wuhan who cannot leave the area because of the quarantine system. Foreign countries are negotiating with Chinese authorities about the possibility of evacuating people from Wuhan. So far, some citizens have been able to transport the United States and Japan by special plane, waiting for the approval of Singapore and Canada. South Korea plans to evacuate its citizens on Thursday night."|India, Wuhan, patient, Ministry, health, Thursday, student, South, condition, stable, quarantined, citizens, Tass, 30, January, case, coronavirus, 2019, ncov, registered|health,citizens,student,Tass,condition|india,united,wuhan,singapore,chinese,ani,and,canada,states,japan,of,health,ministry,s,south,korea,kerala,indian|1580395837
5e3e6662ff976e92724b6fca|(Reuters) - A new virus that has killed 81 people in China can spread before symptoms show up, Chinese health authorities said, adding that its incubation period can range from one to 14 days. Here are more facts on the virus, called 2019-nCoV, which can be transmitted among humans and belongs to the same coronavirus family as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). ** Unlike SARS, which also originated in China, the new virus can spread during the incubation period, National Health Commission Minister Ma Xiaowei said on Sunday. SARS killed nearly 800 people globally in 2002 and 2003. ** The current outbreak was spreading “relatively fast” and “now entering a more severe and complicated period”, Ma added, saying that authorities had limited knowledge of the virus and were unclear about the risks posed by its mutations. ** Last Thursday, the World Health Organization called the outbreak an emergency for China, but stopped short of designating it a global emergency. ** Coronavirus infections have a wide range of symptoms, including fever, coughing, shortness of breath and breathing difficulties. Severe cases can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, kidney failure and death. ** Many of those who died had pre-existing medical conditions or were elderly, authorities have said. ** Like the viruses that cause SARS and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), the new one is an RNA virus, with RNA as its genetic material, rather than DNA. That means the virus blends with its host’s DNA, and can mutate rapidly. ** The total number of confirmed cases in China rose about 30% to 2,744, about half of them in the central province of Hubei, whose capital is Wuhan. ** Cases have also been reported in Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Thailand and the United States, as well as Australia, Canada, France, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, Singapore, South Korea and Vietnam. No deaths have been reported outside China . ** The virus is believed to have originated late last year in a food market in Wuhan that was illegally selling wildlife. Chinese researchers believe it may have been transmitted to humans from snakes, which in turn may have got it from bats. Both animals were known to have been sold at the market. ** The WHO was alerted to several cases of pneumonia in Wuhan City on Dec. 31 and on Jan. 7. Chinese authorities confirmed they had identified a new virus.|virus, China, authorities, SARS, Chinese, period, cases, Wuhan, killed, people, spread, symptoms, incubation, range, called, transmitted, humans, Severe, Respiratory, Syndrome|virus,transmitted,authorities,incubation,Syndrome|commission,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,ma,nepal,malaysia,city,health,sars,australia,vietnam,france,world,singapore,united,hubei,japan,middle,who,east,kong,xiaowei,south,korea,macau,hong,chinese,organization,canada,china,states,national|1580132340
5e3e6453c1ed9bdff74a3cad|Battling the fast spreading coronavirus, China on Friday said that it is building a 1,000-bed hospital for patients infected with the deadly virus that has claimed 26 lives so far with confirmed cases rising sharply to over 880, prompting authorities to shut down 13 cities during the country's most important holiday.  Dampening the celebrations of the Lunar New Year, China, in an unprecedented move, has shut down transportation in at least 13 cities -- Wuhan and 12 of its neighbours -- in central China's Hubei province to contain the coronavirus. According to the National Health Commission, 26 people have died so far with over 880 confirmed cases being treated mostly in Hubei province. Twenty nine provinces have reported the cases. China's biggest city Shanghai raised the emergency response of public health safety to level 1, the highest, following Beijing, and Hubei, Hunan, Zhejiang, Anhui, and Guangdong provinces as more cases were reported. Beijing so far reported 34 confirmed cases of coronavirus infection, official media reported. The Chinese disease prevention authority on Friday released pictures and information of the first Wuhan Coronavirus that Chinese experts had discovered. The Wuhan local government is rushing to build a 1,000-bedded hospital in the outskirts of Wuhan to treat coronavirus patients. Dozens of excavators were feverishly working at the site where the hospital will be built on the 25000 sq metres just about 10 days' time. It will be put into use by February 3, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. Workers are being paid 1,200 yuan (USD 173) per day, three times their usual wage, to accelerate the construction. The hospital will be modelled on the one built in Beijing for the treatment and control of SARS or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, that spread rapidly on the Chinese mainland in 2003, killing over 800 people . During that time Beijing had built the Xiaotangshan Hospital, a temporary medical centre in the northern suburb of the city. China has also deployed its military medics to help civilian doctors. As the unknown virus wreaking havoc, Chinese and American researchers are working together to develop a vaccine against the deadly new strain of coronavirus, Hong Kong based South China Morning Post reported. The collaboration is taking place amid a growing international debate about whether it came from snakes or bats. At present, there is no cure for the virus which has pneumonia-like symptoms and is contagious among humans. The World Health Organisation on Thursday stopped short of declaring the virus a global public health emergency, despite China's climbing death toll. The virus has spread to Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Vietnam and the United States as of Thursday. Japan on Friday reported a second confirmed case. Wuhan, the city of 11 million people, is where the virus is believed to have first emerged. The victims' average age is 73, with 89 being the oldest and 48 youngest. Hubei authorities have suspended operations at local travel agencies and ordered all schools to postpone the start of spring semester classes, said People's Daily, the official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party of China. China's finance ministry on Thursday announced the allocation of one billion yuan (USD 144 million) to be used by Hubei authorities to halt the spread of the illness, the report said. The Indian Embassy in Beijing has cancelled the January 26th Republic Day ceremony citing the coronavirus outbreak in China as well as the decision of the Chinese authorities to cancel public gathering and events. The Wuhan lockdown is a cause of concern for Indian students who are still there. The city and surroundings have about 700 Indian students, majority of them studying medicine . However, most of the students have apparently left for home for the holidays. As concerns grew over their safety, the Indian embassy on Thursday opened helplines and established contacts with the Chinese officials concerned to ensure food and other supplies to those who remained in the city. In a new disclosure, Chinese officials on Thursday confirmed fresh cases of coronavirus in people who did not even travel to Wuhan recently. The National Health Commission also reported increasing the number of cases with no exposure to Wuhan's Hunan seafood wholesale market, which is believed to be related to most of the infected cases. The cases without confirmed exposure to the market have been found overseas. The virus, which a doctor in Wuhan told BBC is spreading at an alarming rate, has dampened the Chinese New Year celebrations beginning Friday. Chinese all over the world formally bid goodbye to the year of the pig on Friday and would welcome the year of rat on Saturday. The Chinese government has given week long holidays. Chinese lunar calendar, years are grouped into a 12-year cycle, with each year is assigned an animal symbol: rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, rooster, dog and pig. In view of the virus scare, several cities, including Beijing, have cancelled special events. The festival is also known as the Spring Festival. Large cultural activities during the spring festival in Beijing such as temple fairs were cancelled to prevent the spread of the virus.|Chinese, China, virus, cases, Wuhan, reported, coronavirus, Beijing, confirmed, Friday, Hubei, city, Thursday, hospital, authorities, people, spread, Indian, year, cities|virus,authorities,Indian,Beijing,confirmed|commission,zhejiang,taiwan,thailand,wuhan,people,guangdong,severe,health,sars,vietnam,beijing,republic,world,hunan,singapore,united,coronavirus,party,hubei,japan,communist,year,morning,xinhua,festival,s,kong,respiratory,lunar,hospital,acute,xiaotangshan,american,of,anhui,day,new,south,korea,macau,indian,hong,chinese,china,post,organisation,states,daily,spring,national,syndrome,shanghai,bbc|1579877760
